lesser of primary and secondary Muthusamy
Application Developer - Hyundai Motor India Ltd

Chennai, Tamil Nadu
11+ years experience with extensive subject matter expertise in IT Application Development & IT Application Management methods, processes and developing cost effective solutions to meet customer business requirement in Banking Domain. 
 
* Have 11+ years of worldwide experience in IT industry, software development, and complex systems integration in Asia, Europe and Central America using various technologies. 
* Have 10 years of experience in Banking, Automobile manufacturing and Retail (Healthcare) business industries; plus years in customer relationship management. 
* Co-ordination with the Business stake holders, Development team, Release Management, SCD Support for delivery of the software change. 
* Have 8 years of functional and technical experience in ISAP Core Banking platform, Change management tool TURNOVER.. 
* Have excellent skills in systems integration, data migration, analysis, design, software development, project management, business process, pre-sales, and training. Current technical skills in AS400, COBOL 400, RPGILE, SQL, DB2 database. 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXEPRIENCE 
2011 - Till date, TATA Consultancy Services, Chennai, India 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited is a multinational information technology service, headquartered in India. 
Roles assigned: Business Analyst for Royal Bank of Scotland ISAP core banking application. 
* Conducting workshops to explain the solution and design of the functionality to the stakeholders and developers 
* Preparing functional specifications and managing the development activities. 
* Perform FAT & supporting UAT & E2E phases of testing and managing defects 
* Managing the Implementation of change as part of business verification. 
 
2008 - 2011 Mphasis an HP company, Chennai; India 
Mphasis is a IT services company majority owned by Hewlett-Packard. The company provides infrastructure technology and applications outsourcing services 
Roles assigned: Senior software Engineer /Team Leader for the for Royal Bank of Scotland core banking application development team. 
* Preparing technical design and supporting documents for the development activities. 
* Perform Coding & UT testing in development environment. 
* Prepare system testing cases & perform system integration testing 
 
2006 - 2008 Hyundai Motor India ltd, Chennai, India 
Hyundai Motor India Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hyundai Motor Company in India. It is the 2nd largest automobile manufacturer in India 
Roles assigned: Application Developer.
Work Experience
Application Developer
Hyundai Motor India Ltd
December 2007 to Present
Project Plant-II Enhancement for Costing and MIP system 
Technologies CL400, RPGILE, SQLRPGLE, 
Role Application Developer 
Client Hyundai Motor India Ltd 
Costing Application: Hyundai Motor India has started production from December 2007, we have modified Costing system application to support for both Plant - I & Plant - II cost calculation. Based on modification, we have developed new report program for plant-wise manufacturing cost, Production Quantity, Material Cost Labor Cost, Overhead Cost, Depreciation Cost. 
Made In Plant (MIP): In House parts production, issue, stock should be captured separately for Plant I & II, We receive data from ALC (Plant-1) and MES (plant- II) through online program, According MIP host system have modified to support both plant. 
 
Project After Sales Parts 
Technologies CL400, RPGILE, SQLRPGLE, 
Role Application Developer 
Client Hyundai Motor India Ltd 
This project deals with after sales parts system maintained separately in FOXPRO application, we have planned to integrated AS-parts to MIP (Made in Plant). Mainly it comprises purchase Order creation, Work Order creation and Delivery challen (DC) preparation. In brief dealer request item (Engine, moving parts) to (PMT) Production management team, based on that request PMT would generate Purchase order for requested item and subsequently prepare work order. 
Work order would send to respective shop to produce item, after production prepare delivery challen (DC) for transportation item, then according we maintaining inventory for purchase order i.e. pending quantity, issued quantity. 
 
Project Moving parts tracking system 
Technologies CL400, RPGILE, SQLRPGLE, 
Role Application Developer 
Client Hyundai Motor India Ltd 
A real time application developed for various departments used for production team. The user enters only the Vehicle number and model code. The system will list the available codes for the moving parts and damaged moving part will be traced referring to Vehicle production system. A related screen is also developed which asks for the 219bytes values used in vehicle system and displays the column values based on which the part number will be selected. This enables the user to raise a request for replacing the damaged moving part by specifying the damaged reason. If the production management team is satisfied with the damaged reason, they will approve the request after which the part can be replaced. 
 
Project Costing Module conversion 
Technologies CL400, RPGILE, SQLRPGLE 
Role Application Developer 
Client Hyundai Motor India Ltd 
The Cost Calculating Programs, which is run every month to allocate various costs to shops and line by the no. of units produced on the respective shop and line. Costs include Depreciation, Overhead, Labor, Material, Indirect material Etc. These programs where in Cobol400 which was difficult to maintain. These programs were converted to ILERPG so that it can be maintained easily.
Education
M.Sc in Information Technology in Intg
Mahendra Engineering College, Periyar University Salem, Tamil Nadu
April 2005
Skills
Change management (Less than 1 year), Databases (Less than 1 year), DB2 (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), MQ Series (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
SME for ISAP applications for 6+ years. Functional and Technical assistance to SCORE/OGPI applications Structuring across a wide range of financial products, including Core banking, Interfaces (OGPI), Payments (FPS), Treasury (SMART) 
• Technical Solution Architect of Interface Application for the past 4 years. 
• Performed estimations for Bigger Projects and Requirement gathering for Programs. 
• Ability to develop tools for various project needs. 
• Technically guide the team in relevant AS400 Projects. 
• Have exposure of working in both Development Projects as well as Maintenance & Support Projects. 
• Expertise in Designing/Developing of Interface Applications using MQ, FTP, SFTP for various Systems. 
• Ability to lead project development and manage over a full life cycle. Specific technical experience in AS/400. 
• Knowledge Legacy Modernization. 
Rich experience in gathering (user) functional requirements. 
• Proficient in Technical and Business Writing, Business Process Flow, Business Analysis and testing various methodologies. 
• Involved in Test Planning, Test Preparation, Test Execution, Issue Resolution and Report Generation to assure that all aspects of a Project are in Compliance with the Business Requirements 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS MATRIX 
Key to Skills Matrix 
4-extensive work experience 3-good work experience 2-average work experience 1-basic understanding 
 
Skills (last 5 years) No. of Years Year Last Used Proficiency 
4 3 2 1 
Operating Systems 
Windows (all versions) 11 2017 * 
OS400 11 2017 * 
Programming Languages/Development Tools 
COBOL400 11 2016 * 
RPGILE 11 2017 * 
SQL400 11 2017 * 
CL400 11 2017 * 
Core Java 0.5 2017 * 
ASSET400 1 2011 * 
SYNON 1 2012 * 
QUERY400 11 2017 * 
SDA 5 2017 * 
RLA 5 2012 * 
MQ Series 5 2014 * 
Databases 
DB2 10 2017 * 
Miscellaneous 
Internet Tools (browsers, email, etc.) 10 2017 * 
Office Applications (MS Office, Visio) 10 2017 * 
Change Management 
TURNOVER 7 2017 * 
ALDON 1 2012 *