Amit Ekbote
Software Developer - Vspace Software

Solapur, Maharashtra
Seeking a position to utilize my Software development skills and abilities in the leading information technology industry that offers professional growth while being creative, innovative and flexible.
Work Experience
Software Developer
Vspace Software - Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh
August 2015 to Present
Experince in Android Application development. 
Working on Android studio, SQL yog for developing complex Android Applications. 
Strong logical and analytical skill. 
Hands on Experience in Unit testing, Robotium tool and Appium tool. 
Good knowledge of J2EE, JSON, GSON, XML, GOOGLE API, FACEBOOK API, GOOGLE MAP, POSTMAN. 
Created, maintained and supported Android Applications. 
Highly motivated, co-operative and enthusiastic software developer. 
Good Knowledge in B2B and B2C in Education Domain. 
Excellent communicator with experience in overseas client co-ordination. 
 
Skill Set: 
Technical Skills: C, C++, Java, Android 
Reporting Tool: Android Stiudio, Eclips, Netbeans 
Operating System: Linux, Windows 7 /VISTA/XP. 
Database: SQLite, MySQL 
Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript 
 
Technical Experience: 
Project Titles Testpitara (Android Application) 
Technologies Android, Java, xml for UI 
Tools Android Studio, SQL yog, facebook api, google api, firebase 
Roles and Responsibilities 
Interaction with clients 
Requirement gathering, analyzing, design flow charts. 
Development and Code review. 
Implemented Agile methodologies. 
Process automation of repetitive tasks. 
 
Brief Description of above Projects: 
Testpitara 
Role: Android Application Developer 
Technologies: Android, SQLite, JSON, REST Web Service Api 
Team size: 2 
Description: Design the UI for all the pages. Implemented push notification using firebase api. 
Developed logic for Online examination. Showing Audio, Video, Pdf, doc file in android application Develop the Logic and UI for Pie chart and Line chart in Application Implement chat using database and JSON and Also using Google Firebase. Implemented CCavanue payment gateway in android app. Showing graphical representation in pie chart, line chart. 
Implemented Basic chat using Firebase 
 
Garuda Cab (Play store) 
Role: Android application Developer 
Technologies: Android, Json, Google map api, Login with g+ and fb 
Team size: 2 
Description: 
Gardua Cab project is only for the Bilaspur city.Online cab services provide by using android application .App shows the pickup point to destination point on Google map.it also provide the cab choose option for user. 
App shows the booking History of user. It shows km travel by user. 
 
Dr Solavs Lab (Play store) 
Role: Android application Developer 
Technologies: Android, Json, Google api, GPS 
Team size: 1 
Description: 
Dr Solavs lab android application is for Medical Representative. Architect the app and gather the client Requirements. Implemented Track Location for MR after every hour when app is foreground or background. Implemented Get address of MR using latitude and longitude by using Geocoder and appLocationService. also used the Google fused api for getting address of MR. Implemented upload Image through camera, gallery to server
Education
Bachelors of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering in CSE
Sinhgad College
Skills
Android (2 years), java (2 years), Restful api,Spring,hibernet (1 year)
Additional Information
Positive Attitude, Hardworking, Quick learner, Team player