Puneet Singh
New Delhi, Delhi
To work as an IT professional in an IT industry with a professional work driven environment where I can utilize and apply my knowledge, skills and abilities which will beneficial for mutual growth. 
 
Personal traits 
Professional Qualification 
 
➢ MCA […] from BIST, Bhopal affiliated to RGTU with aggregate CGPA 8.48 
➢ BCA […] from Integral University Lucknow with aggregate percentage 64.67
Work Experience
Software Developer
Software - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
Fresher 
 
IT Skills 
 
• Technologies - 
• C - Pointer, Structure, Union, Recursion 
• C++ - Concepts of oops, virtual method, Abstract method 
• .Net Technology - C#, Asp.net 
• HTML 
• Operating systems - Windows (XP/7/8) 
• Tools - MS SQL, SQL server, Microsoft Access 
Projects 
➢ Online Attendance: - Attendances of every students are being maintained by every school, college and university. Faculty has to maintain proper record for the attendance. Attendance is the fact that someone is present at an event or go regularly to an institution, or the attendance at an event is the number of people who are present at it. This system will also help in evaluating attendance eligibility criteria of a student. 
Team Size: 1 
Role: Developer 
Technology Required: .Net as Front End, SQL server as Back End 
 
➢ Medical Store System:- This is desktop based application for medical store. 
This project manage the medicines and inventory system of medical store system. 
 
Team Size: 2 
Role: Developer 
Technology Required: C# as Front End, SQL Server as Back End 
 
This project is mainly made for Allahabad medicos, Allahabad UP. 
 
➢ Online Voting: - The main objective of " Online Polling System" is to cast vote online when they are not present in home town during election time. It is very useful to increase the voting percentage across country. 
Team Size: 2 
Role: Developer 
Technology Required: .Net as Front End, Sql server as Back End
Additional Information
➢ Hard Work. 
➢ Positive Attitude. 
➢ Self Motivator 
➢ Learning From Failure's 
➢ Punctual
