Jyoti Singh
java developer

Noida, Uttar Pradesh
Work Experience
Java Developer
jaieespy techkart private limited - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
March 2017 to June 2017
i have 6 month experience on java development.I hvae done my 6 mpnth internship from apex tgi private limtd. and now am working in jaieespy techkart as a java developer.
Education
Masters of Computer Application in UPTU
Feroze Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology
2016
Senior Secondary
2010
Additional Information
Jyoti Singh 
 
Email:singhjyoti2093@gmail.com Phone: […]  
 
I am pursued Masters of Computer Application from Feroze Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology (Utter Pradesh). This collage is affiliated to APKT University. My expected year for completion of MCA is 2016. 
Earlier I had pursued Bachelor of Computer Application from RIT Mawana Khurd Meerut [CCSU]. 
 
In my MCA years so far, I have involved with various syllabus related subjects like Computer Network, Operating System, Discrete Mathematics and different languages and Operating Systems like Java, J2ee, C, C++, OOPS, Data Structure and Oracle Database,mysql Database etc.  
 
Future Perspective: 
I am completed my Industrial Training for final Semester now and improving my skills in Java, J2EE, SDLC, Oracle Database, MySQL, Eclipse, MyEclipse, NetBeans. 
I am targeting to learn and explore as much as possible in Java, Advance Java language along with different IDEs and Databases. 
 
I am a hard worker in respective to any kind of work and if that matches my interest then I will be 200% productive. My strong determination and 'never give up' attitude helps me to learn and enhance my development skills and also helps me to originate troubleshooting qualities as well. 
 
I am looking to get an organization where I will get new and challenging work which will interests me and will utilize my capabilities and at the same time will give me opportunities to enhance mine skills as well, Technical and personal, both. 
 
Taking new things positively, made me keen to remain open to learn new concepts and theories which in turn will, definitely, help me grow as a professional and better person too. 
 
SKILL SET - 
Applications Web Based and Desktop Applications Using Java,J2EE 
Application based on Applets and AWT 
Technologies/Application Servers/ Languages 
JSE: Oops Concept, String, Exception handling,MultiThreading, I/O, collection, JDBC 
JEE: Servlet, JSP,Hibernate, Spring,structs. 
Eclipse, MyEclipse 
Apache Tomcat, Weblogic12C 
Oracle DataBase, MySql, NetBeans. 
Operating Systems WINDOWS 
 
Qualifications  
Degree and Date Institute Major and Specialization 
Masters of Computer Application Feroze Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology [UPTU] 
Percentage :74% Completion : 2016 
Bachelor of Computer Application RIT Mawana Meerut [CCSU] 68% 
Completion : 2013 
Senior Secondary,12th U.P Board PCM 
54% 
Completion : 2010 
 
Project Exposure: MCA 
 
Project MediGuide 
Period 2016 
Description The main purpose of the project entitled as “Medi Guide” is to provide online medical services to everyone hardly matters whether they live in metro or a remotely located village. Users can connect through their home internet or approach any nearby kiosk to get these services. 
 
Technology OS : MS WINDOWS […] 
User Interface : HTML, CSS 
Client-side Scripting : JavaScript 
Programming Language : Java 
Web Applications : Servlets, JSP, JDBC  
IDE/Workbench : My Eclipse 6.0 or NetBeans IDE 8.10 
Database : Oracle 10g 
Server Deployment : Tomcat 8.x 
 
Project College Management System 
Period March 2017-April 2017 
Description This project is aimed at developing an Online Intranet School Management System (SMS) that is of importance to either an educational institution or a college. The system (SMS) is an Intranet based application that can be accessed throughout the institution or a specified department. This system can be used as an attendance monitoring system for the college. Students/staffs logging in may also access/search any information. Attendance and marks will be updated by staff. 
 
Technology OS : MS WINDOWS […] 
User Interface : HTML, CSS 
Client-side Scripting : JavaScript 
Programming Language : Java 
Web Applications : Servlets, JSP, JDBC  
IDE/Workbench :Eclipse Mars 2.0  
Database : MySql 5.5 
Server Deployment : Tomcat 8.x 
 
Project Library Management System 
Period may 2017-june 2017 
Description Overall this project of ours is being developed to help the students as well as staff of library to maintain the library in the best way possible and also reduce the human efforts. With this computerized system there will be no loss of book record or member record which generally happens when a non computerized  
Technology OS : MS WINDOWS […] 
User Interface : HTML, CSS 
Client-side Scripting : JavaScript 
Programming Language : Java 
Web Applications : Servlets, JSP, JDBC  
IDE/Workbench :Eclipse Mars 2.0  
Database : MySql 5.5 
Server Deployment : Tomcat 8.x 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
APEX TG INDIA PVT LTD. JANUARY 2016 – JANUARY 2017  
 
6-month internship and working with various technology of java like core java, servlet, jsp, struts, hibernate, spring. 
 
JAIEESPY TECHKART PRIVATE LIMITED MARCH 2017-Till Now 
Working with Servlet and jsp technology using with mysql database. 
 
Personal Details 
 
Date of Birth […] 
Nationality Indian