Varsha Jagtap
Pune, Maharashtra
• Having around 2.0+ Years of Experience as a Java, J2EE project development. 
• A result oriented ambitious person and open to work anywhere. 
• Technically hands-on in Java, Swing, JDBC, J2EE (JSP, Servlet, Hibernate, spring), Apache Tomcat Server.
Work Experience
Software Developer(Java)
Karyotype Software Pvt Ltd pune - Pune, Maharashtra
May 2015 to Present
• Currently working as a Software Developer in Karyotype Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune www.katpsoft.com)
Education
Master in Computer Application
Waghire College Saswad (Pune University Pune, Maharashtra
2011 to 2014
Bachelors in Computer Application
Atharva College Someshwar (Tilak University Pune, Maharashtra
2008 to 2011
H.S.C
A.C Hundekari College Jejuri affiliated Jejuri, Maharashtra
2006 to 2007
Skills
Core Java, J2Ee, Jsp, servlet, Mysql, Html5, CSS, and JavaScript, Basic struts, hibernate and spring
Additional Information
Technical Skills 
 
• Languages Java, C, C++. 
• Java Collections, Multithreading, Swing, Sockets, JDBC 
• J2EE JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Basic Knowledge of Struts Hibernate, spring. 
• Web Technologies CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery. 
• Server Support Apache Tomcat. 
• Databases MySQL, Oracle. 
• Platforms MS Windows XP and Windows 7 
• Development IDEs Eclipse. 
Projects Undertaken 
 
1. Booking PG 
Type: Web based Product 
Key Technologies: JSP, Servlet, Java Beans, JDBC, JavaScript, JQuery. 
Database: MySQL 5.0 
Platform: Windows 
Responsibilities: I was involved in Analysis, Designing, Coding and Deployment 
Employer: Karyotype Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune. 
Description: Using this Web Application Customer can search the rooms/hostels (accommodation) location wise. Here provide the facility to book the room by online. Manage the availability of rooms in real time. 
It has following modules: 
• Admin Module 
• Vender Module 
• Customer Module 
 
2. MrDoorstep Website 
 
Type: Web based Product 
Key Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap 
Platform: Windows 
Responsibilities: I was involved in Analysis, Designing and Unit testing. 
Employer: Karyotype Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune. 
Description: MrDoorstep provides the booking service facility to the customer based on their requirement and time. They provide different types of services like Home decor, Repair home appliances, Pest Control etc. Customer can book service from anywhere through mobile also. 
 
3. Bakery Software 
 
Type: Product 
Key Technologies: Java, Swing Framework, JDBC. 
Database: MySQL 5.0 
Platform: Windows 
Responsibilities: I was involved in Analysis, Designing, and Coding. 
Employer: Karyotype Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune. 
Description: This system is basic Desktop application.This application made for maintains or carries of all the information about sales and purchase of Bakery products. And also we provided them to take print out of every receipt of sales and purchase. We maintain stock of their shop in very secure way by Bakery Software 
 
4. Library System (OM Granthalay) 
 
Type: Product 
Key Technologies: Java, Swing Framework, JDBC. 
Database: MySQL 5.0 
Platform: Windows 
Responsibilities: I was involved in Analysis, Designing, and Coding. 
Employer: Karyotype Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune. 
Description: Using this application complete management of the entire library through the software's easy interface. It removes manual process of issuing books by easy and simplified way of issuing book saving time and effort. The librarian can issue, return and reserve book for a particular People through the software's interface The software automatically shows fine levied by automatically counting days from the date if issue in case of late return of the book. Add, update, search and view library items.