Ranjeet Kumar
Team Member - Appin Software Group

Shakarpur, Delhi
❖ 2.2 years of IT experience in various technologies like C#.Net, VB.Net, VB 6, VBScript, SQL Server. 
❖ Experience in development phase of web applications using ASP.NET 3.5. 
❖ Expertise in implementing .Net technologies with ADO.Net to develop Enterprise applications. 
❖ Expertise in implementing .Net Design Patterns. 
❖ Good Knowledge in Web Services and WCF Applications. 
❖ Good Knowledge in Socket Programming using .Net as well as in VB 6.
Work Experience
Software Developer
Appin Software Group - New Delhi, Delhi
2011 to Present
Team Size: 5 
Technologies: C#, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio 2008, VB 6 
App Server: Windows Application 
 
Description: 
Matrix Framework is a new tool for Penetration Testing and the ultimate resource to demonstrate the security of your network. With the help of this software, you can easily get the basic information of target by sending mail either in the form of link or attachment by using either Social engineering webpage, Exploits or Payloads. With RAT, you can take the full control of the client machine and you can perform any operation on their machine, you can also use cmd command in CMD shell to perform operation & many more such functionality. 
 
Responsibilities: 
❖ Implemented Action Classes. 
❖ Implemented Form Design, their coding and tested the entire application. 
❖ Impose Validations as per the Requirements. 
❖ Integrated Predefine customized Phishing page, Exploits and Payloads template packs for campaigning. 
❖ Developed Payloads and Dragon Eye (Socket Programming) using VB 6. 
❖ Implemented FTP Server Configuration and their Monitoring. 
❖ Implemented Database using SQL Server as backend and ADO.Net for their connectivity. 
❖ Fix all the bugs come during running whole Application.
Software Developer
Appin Software Group - New Delhi, Delhi
April 2010 to Present
New Delhi 
 
Technical Skill 
Operating System Windows-XP, Windows 7 
Programming Languages C, C++, C#, ASP.Net, VB.Net, VB 6.0, VBScript 
Framework .Net Framework 2.0, 3.5 
Integrated Development Environment Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 
RDBMS MS Access, SQL Server 
Report Visual Studio Crystal Report 
Tools & Methodologies Software Engineering 
Markup Language HTML, XML. 
 
PROJECT #1: Matrix Framework 
Platform: Windows XP/ 7
Software Developer
Appin Software Group - New Delhi, Delhi
April 2010 to Present
Team Size: 4 
Technologies: C#, Visual Studio 2008, SQL Server 2005 
App Server: ASP.Net 
 
Description: 
aSecure is basically launch for security purpose. This project deals with recognizing the face detection and trace out the face of suspected person, if their information is not matched with the customized database. This will help you to maintain the security in your company by filtering the new faces. 
. 
 
Responsibilities: 
❖ Responsible for Developing Application Front end using C# 
❖ Involved in Designing, Coding and Testing of two modules. 
❖ Developed two modules and Visual Studio Crystal Report. 
❖ Implemented Database using SQL Server as backend and ADO.Net for their Interaction. 
❖ Involved in removing bugs. 
. 
 
Achievements, Extra Curricular Activities: 
➢ Active member of Sports meet at college level. 
➢ Participation in writing competition in school and college levels.
Team Member
Appin Software Group
September 2010 to May 2011
Team Size: 4 
Technologies: C#, ADO.Net, Crystal Report, SQL Server 2005, VS 2005. 
App Server: Windows Application 
 
Description: 
Call Data Record Analyzer is used to analysis and tracking criminal on call data record base by most of the intelligence organization of India. This software maintains call data record and make different type of intelligence search to find a important information. This software generate various type of report based on different searches (frequency, time wise, duration wise, call type wise, subscriber, cell id, IMEI based, international call etc) 
 
Responsibilities: 
❖ Analyzed the working scenario and Implemented action classes. 
❖ Implemented Form Design, their coding and tested three Modules. 
❖ Impose Validations as per the Requirements. 
❖ Implemented Database using SQL Server as backend and ADO.Net for their connectivity.  
PROJECT #3: aSecure 
Platform: Windows XP/ 7
Education
B.E in Computer Science
Gwalior Engineering College Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh
2010
Skills
C,C++,C#,ASP.Net,VB.Net,SQL Server 2005,VB 6,VBScript,Web Services, WCF, Socket Programming,HTML,XML,Javascript.
Additional Information
Father’s Name : Mr. Rajkumar Prasad 
Date of Birth : 21th Dec 1986 
Marital Status : Single 
Language Known : English, Hindi 
Nationality : Indian
