Dhanshree Jagtap
Pune, Maharashtra
Seeking challenging career that offers an opportunity to move up in organizational hierarchy, continuous learning and shouldering more responsibilities and be a part of team in achieving Organizational Objectives.
Work Experience
jr Software Developer
Tieto Software Technologies - Pune, Maharashtra
November 2016 to May 2017
Profile : Jr. Software Developer 
Role : .Net Developer 
Duration : 6 months
Education
B.E. in Comp
Savitribai Phule Pune University Pune, Maharashtra
Maharashtra State Board
Skills
.net,java (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
Skills 
• Languages: C++, JAVA and .net 
• Operating System: Win XP 
• Database: PL/SQL 
• Web Technologies: HTML 
• Testing: Manual Test 
 
Project Details 
 
Diploma Project: 
 
Project Name: Automated Survey Analysis System 
 
Platform: Java, My-SQL 
 
Project Details: 
 
Automated Survey System Analysis System focuses on any lazing the surveyed information through a mobile /PDA. This project also enables survey on mobile /PDA instead of using papers. Then when there is availability of network he will be able to upload that information on server using GSM Connection. 
The data collected from these survey can be used for multifaceted purposes such as a administrator, voting campaigns. 
 
BE Project: 
 
Project Name: Detecting Compromised Machine By Monitoring Outgoing Messages 
 
Platform: Java, My-SQL 
 
Project Details: 
 
In this Project we focus on the detection of the compromise machine in the network that are used for sending spam messages are commonly referred to as Spam Zombies. Given that spam provides a critical economic incentive for the collectors of the compromised machine recruit this machines. 
 
Certifications and Workshops Attended 
 
1. Participated in Arduino Workshop undertaken by 'Trinity College of Engineering'. 
2. Participated in Employability skill development program undertaken by "Zensar Technology". 
 
Interpersonal Skills 
 
1. Punctual person. 
2. Hardworking