Anup Roy
Kolkata, West Bengal
Encapsulating my skills, implementing innovations to benefit the organization and quest to learn new developments & work in real challenging environment that enables me to be the part of the latest developments in the different fields.
Work Experience
Data Entry
Any - Toronto, ON
Academic: 
➢ Three years' experience as a faculty members of Computer Science & Engineering at Department of Computer Science and Engineering of Calcutta Institute of Technology. 
➢ One year experience as a computer faculty of TRIROMA Social Welfare Society (NGO). 
 
Industry: 
➢ Working as an Assessor & Auditor of MS Certification services Pvt. Ltd for assessment of different ICT (information and communications technology) module. 
 
❖ TRAINING & PROJECT: 
 
M.Tech PROJECT: Analysis to Design of OLAP Tool using Data Warehouse. 
Project Details: This project focuses on developing an OLAP tool based on Data Warehousing. The OLAP tools are required for business and analytical decision making based on the real life data. Online analytical processing tools enable user to analyze different dimensions of multidimensional data. The major task of online operational database systems is to perform online transaction and query processing. These systems are called online transaction processing system. OLAP tools are used for data analysis by knowledge workers, including managers, executives, and analysts. 
 
Language used: Microsoft Visual Studio 2005. 
Database Used: SQL Server 2005 (Database Engine & Analysis Service) 
 
B.TECH PROJECT: On-line Cinema Hall ticket booking system. 
Project Details: We developed a website where someone can register him/her self and he can book a ticket on his preference at any time of the day. Administrator has power to change of upcoming all events at schedule of cinema and price. From website someone can also download images and songs and many more. 
 
Language used: JSP & HTML. 
Server Used: Apache Tomcat 6.0 
Database Used: MS ACCESS 
 
TRAINING: 
➢ Technical skill development program From WEBEL 
➢ Final year Summer Training from Global Solution of Technology of my B.TECH 
 
❖ ACHIVMENT 
I have Qualified GATE in Computer science and Engineering 2008, Organized by IISC Bangalore.
Education
B.TECH in Technology
UNIVERSITY OF CALCUTTA Kolkata, West Bengal
2010
M.TECH in Technology
University College of Science & Technology
Govt. College of Engg. & Ceramic Technology