P. Ramesh
Data Analyst - Nokia Solutions & Networks India Pvt Ltd

Sanatnagar I E (Hyd), Andhra Pradesh
☞ Working as a Reporting & Excel VBA developer (Data Analyst) at Nokia Solutions & Networks India Pvt Ltd since April, 2013. 
☞ Has an overall experience of 4 Years 9 Months. 
☞ Qualified Bachelor of Technology with Specialization in Computer Science and Information Technology from DRK institute of Science and Technology, JNTU, Hyderabad. 
☞ Self motivated, hard working and Consistent with a high degree of Flexibility, Resourcefulness and Commitment. 
☞ Enriched with the ability to learn new concepts, Technologies and adapt to changes within a short span of time. 
☞ Multilingual with proficiency in English, Hindi and Telugu.
Work Experience
Data Analyst
Nokia Solutions & Networks India Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN
April 2013 to Present
Has an overall experience of 4 Years 9 Months. 
☞ Qualified Bachelor of Technology with Specialization in Computer Science and Information Technology from DRK institute of Science and Technology, JNTU, Hyderabad. 
☞ Self motivated, hard working and Consistent with a high degree of Flexibility, Resourcefulness and Commitment. 
☞ Enriched with the ability to learn new concepts, Technologies and adapt to changes within a short span of time. 
☞ Multilingual with proficiency in English, Hindi and Telugu. 
 
☞ 2.2 Years of Experience as Data Analyst at Link Quest Telecom Ltd. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
• Understanding the client requirements. 
• Analyzing the reports and preparing dashboards 
• Automating the reports using Macros (Excel VBA) 
• Presenting the reports as per client prerequisites. 
 
☞ 8 Months of Experience as Trainee - Search Engine Optimizer. 
 
IQ Channels Private Limited is a service Marketing Agency; Specializing in digital Marketing Solutions and is an UK based company. Its services include Design, PPC, SEO, Branding, content and also cater for clients offline branding and marketing needs. It also has a vast range of services available, including webpage design and programming, marketing strategies and consulting services. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
 
• Guest Blogging and targeting a keyword with Search engine optimization techniques. 
• Performing daily account management of pay per click accounts on Google Ad Words, Yahoo, Bing and other search platforms for clients. 
• Maintain and monitor keyword bids, account daily and monthly budget caps, impression share, quality score and other important account metrics. 
• Manage large keyword lists. 
• Keep pace with search engine and PPC industry trends and developments.
Education
Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Board of Intermediate Education Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN
2007
B.Tech in Computer Science and Information Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology
JNTU Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN
Skills
Database (Less than 1 year), Excel (4 years), Search engine optimization (4 years), SEO (4 years), Solutions (4 years)
Additional Information
Technical Proficiency: 
☞ Key Skills: MS Office Suite (Excel, PPT, Word) 
☞ Operating system: Windows (XP, 7, 8), Windows Server Family 
☞ Programming: C-language, Core Java, VBA for Excel 
☞ Database: MS Access, Oracle 10g & MySQL 
☞ Scripting Language: VBScript, HTML. 
☞ Others: SEO & Networking Basics. 
 
Projects Undertaken: 
 
Project 2: 
Name: Vodafone 
Domain: Telecommunication 
Role: MIS Engineer 
Description: Vodafone is a Multi National Company which offers GSM services to customers, Vodafone has been one of the clients to Nokia Solutions and Networks where my responsibilities are analyzing and automating Dashboards. 
 
Project 1: 
 
Name: Payday Loans 
Domain: SEO. 
Role: Guest Blogger 
Responsibilities: Optimizing the Keyword as per client requirements by visiting relative websites as a guest blogger and providing the websites with related web content/articles in return asking for a hyperlink from their site to the targeted keyword (Ex: Payday Loans)