Nivedita Sah
Application Developer

Naini Tal, Uttarakhand
To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals.
Work Experience
PGT Computer Science
Amtuls Public School - Naini Tal, Uttarakhand
February 2016 to Present
I am currently working as PGT Computer Science and my role and responsibility is to impart knowledge about the subject to students by giving effective both theoretical and practical classes.
Application Developer
Organization's Name
June 2011 to June 2012
Duration From 13 June, 2011 To 30 June, 2012 
Description 
• Microstrategy is a Business Intelligence (BI) software tool. 
• Enables business users to analyze data by delivering vast information. 
• Make strategic business decision. 
 
Role & Responsibilities 
As an Application Developer: 
• Tested schema and public objects. 
• Developed schema and public objects. 
• Updated reports and documents. 
Query Tool used: SQL Server
Education
B.Tech in Computer Science
Amrapali Institute of Technology and Sciences / Uttarakhand Technical University
2012
Additional Information
Technical Skills 
Languages C, C++, JavaSE 
Java Technologies JDBC 
RDBMS SQL 
OperatingSystems DOS, Windows7, XP, Linux OS Software 
BI Tool Microstrategy 
 
Technologies ASP.NET 
Project Description It is a website which gives information about the various tourist destinations and hotels in Uttarakhand. 
Roles and Responsibilities As a system designer, I developed a website on tourism in Uttarkhand using ASP.NET platform. 
 
Academic Project 
Project's Title High Performance Cluster 
Training Centre ARIES, Nainital. 
Technologies MPICH 
Project Description 
A cluster is two or more interconnected computers that create a solution to provide higher availability, higher scalability or both. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities As an analyzer, I formed a cluster between the node terminal and head terminal using MPI technology. 
 
Strengths 
• Confident 
• Good Team Member 
• Organised 
• Good communicator 
• Quick Learner