Sonali Nargide
Data entry, Data analysis and Dispatch - Horizon Data Systems Pvt. Ltd

Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra
To work with maximum potential in a challenging and dynamic environment, with an opportunity of working with diverse group of people and enhancing my professional skills with learning and experience for career growth.
Work Experience
Data entry, Data analysis and Dispatch
Horizon Data Systems Pvt. Ltd - Solapur, Maharashtra
October 2016 to Present
This includes the processing or tabulation of all types of data. Provision of such services on 
➢ An hourly or time -share basis 
➢ Management or operation of data processing facilities of others on a time-sharing basis and on a fee or contract basis
Education
B.E. in Computer Science in Science & Engineering
BIGC (Bharat Ratna Indira Gandhi College of Engineering Solapur, Maharashtra
2015
HSC
Netaji Science Junior College Solapur, Maharashtra
2011
Skills
Manual Testing (Less than 1 year), C (2 years), Core Java (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE 
Programming: C, core Java, Manual testing. 
OS: Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8. 
Database: Microsoft Access, MYSQL, Oracle 10g. 
Web Technologies: HTML, XML. 
Tools Used: Net Beans, Eclipse, Apache Tomcat, Visual Studio. 
 
SEMINAR 
College-Level seminar on the topic 'Li-Fi Technology' (Light Fidelity) 
Description: 
❖ Li-Fi Technology provides transmission of data through illumination by sending data through an LED light bulb that varies in intensity faster than the human eye can follow. 
❖ Li-Fi is ideal for high density wireless data coverage in confined area and for relieving radio interference issues. 
❖ Li-Fi provides better bandwidth, efficiency, availability and security than Wi-Fi and has already achieved blisteringly high speed in the lab. 
 
PROJECT 
❖ B.E. final year project entitled 'Hop-by-Hop Message Authentication in Wireless Sensor Network'. 
 
Description: 
Message authentication is one of the most effective way to thwart unauthorized and corrupted message from being forwarded in wireless sensor networks (WSNs) . Our scheme can also provide message source privacy. Both theoretical analysis and simulation results demonstrate that our proposed scheme is more efficient than the polynomial-based approach in terms of computational and communication overhead under comparable security levels while providing message source privacy. 
 
Front End: Java (Swing) 
Back End: MYSQL. 
Project role: 
➢ Working as Team Leader 
➢ Distribution of tasks 
➢ Collecting requirements 
➢ Developing software 
➢ Testing of software 
 
Key Strengths: Management Skill, Innovative approach towards 
things, Self-Motivated. 
 
DECLARATION 
I do hereby declare that the above given statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 