Suman Singh
Chief Analytics Officer & Global Head Data Science - ZAFIN INC

Bangalore, Karnataka
• An internationally acclaimed Data Scientist & Analytics Business leader with ~14 Years of experience in 
advance analytics whose statistical methods & machine learning algorithms saved or made multimillion $ for 
clients from various industry sectors including Financial Services, Retail and Hi-Tech. 
• Extensive experience in building and nurturing high performance analytics team during the last three stints. 
• Built analytics strategy and solved complex business problems for tier 1 banks across the world. Worked and 
visited more than 15 countries to deliver high quality analytics solutions.
Work Experience
Chief Analytics Officer & Global Head Data Science
ZAFIN INC - Bangalore, Karnataka
October 2013 to Present
Heading analytics product development, strategy, consulting & delivery for ZAFIN globally and also responsible for managing 
P&L. Built best in class 50 members team of data scientists, predictive modelers, Big-Data engineers and data miners onshore and offshore. Responsible for building IP driven analytical solutions for Retail & SMB Banking, Fraud [OTC Check, ATM Cash 
withdrawal fraud, Wire fraud, MRDC etc.] for driving the profitability quotient, preventing revenue leakage and optimizing the cost of servicing. 
 
Key Accomplishments at Zafin: 
1. Built and launched Relationship analytics product (miInsights) from scratch for ZAFIN to serve their retail banking clients 
to solve key business issues in the area of relationship optimization & enhancement, product & price optimization, offering 
right bundle of product & services, Cross sell/upsell, Next Best product Reccomendation Engine, customer centricity, 
Customer Segmentation, customer journey, channel optimization & alignment, etc. using Big-Data stack Apache Hadoop, 
HBASE, Sqoop, Hive, Impala, SPARK etc and high end machine learning algorithms. miInsights product is powered by high 
computing data processing engine to create thousands of features and score millions of customers' behavior using high end 
machine & deep learning algorithms with massive parallel processing engine in few minutes & couple of hours. Built pattern 
recognition engine to calculate Customer Relationship Score and filed the patent as a principal innovator in US. Succesfully 
implemented this product with world's largest Core Banking Solution provider to serve analytics business solution to numerous financial institutions. 
 
2. Built highly efficient and innovative fraud analytics consulting practice of 10 data scientists. Institutionalized three 
advance fraud detection machine learnming algoithms for over the counter check fraud and MRDC fraud in bank's 
environment to avoid fraud loss for one of the largest banks in NA. Provided a business solution to improve decisions accuracy of their agents to review fraud cases. I have personally built a deep learning fraud prediction model which has already saved 
bank $9 million and reduced 19% False positive rate and improved customer experience. 
 
3. Have designed, conceptualized and launched miInsights cloud based analytics product to measure loyalty effectiveness, 
increase card spend and usage, reduce inactivity and improve reward utilization for card business. 
 
4. Developed pattern recognition algorithm using machine learning techniques to measure customer engagement of customers and implemented Customer Engagement Score in Big Data analytics infrastructure for real time scoring.
General Manager & Analytics Delivery Head
FISERV INC - Bangalore, Karnataka
October 2010 to October 2013
Heading analytics delivery and managing P&L for Fiserv Global services analytics team, responsible for delivering high value 
results for banking customers through innovative business solutions. Built a high performance delivery team of 25 dedicated 
data scientists from scratch. Responsible for designing end-to-end analytical solutions for retail banking, payment industry, 
debit card portfolio by driving the profitability quotient and optimizing the cost. 
 
Key Accomplishments at Fiserv: 
1. Have designed, conceptualized and implemented predictive modeling solutions like Next best Offer, Customer Life time 
value, Survival attrition model, NSF based attrition model and developed next best action and trigger based marketing 
 
treatment strategy for several mid-tier banks in US. Our statistical methods based strategies prevented revenue leakage & generated additional Non Interest income of more than $1.5M in a year's time frame. Developed retention strategy around 
customer life time value and attrition risk score and built machine learning algorithm to deliver real time triggers. 
 
2. Developed deposit based segmentation and formulated lending strategy for SMB customers for a leading bank in UK. 
Identified opportunities within segments to cross-sell short term loan (like payday, inventory and cash advance) 
 
3. Providing debit card close loop marketing solution to hundreds of Fiserv core banking customers through various campaign 
management, execution, tracking & measuring ROI using innovative analytical solutions like "SUPER segment", Response 
behavior and Cash to POS migration model. Also helped banks in improving penetration, activation and utilization of cards. 
 
4. Designed and developed merchant behavioral segmentation using machine learning algorithm, developed a complex 
nonlinear price elasticity model and also developed pricing optimization algorithm for one of the largest merchant acquirer in Brazil. Based on our price recommendation, merchant acquirer has revised MDR (merchant discount rate) based on customer 
elasticity & the optimized MDR rate has resulted in $100K additional revenue just from a sample. 
 
5. Developed Relationship optimization based on deep behavioral segmentation and aligning the right product bundle & pricing 
based on credit risk & suggesting Next Best Offer. 
 
6. Led two successful analytical products for Fiserv 
A. Predictive Scores: This Big Data based product offered actionable insights & recommendations to cross sell a new product to customers. Led offshore and onshore modeling team to build 7 unique predictive models across portfolio and successfully 
implemented on cloud. 
 
B. Customer Insights (CI): This is a decision making analytical application based on Fiserv core transactional processing 
system which provides sustainable competitive advantage at Branch level and 360 degree view of customers' transactional 
activity, behavior, product portfolio, relationship and inactivity management.
Director Operation Analytics/Analytics Delivery Head
Satvik Incorporated - Bangalore, Karnataka
August 2009 to October 2010
Responsible for setting up & managing 30 members team of statisticians, BA and data miners for on-time project delivery 
from scratch and also contributed to the sales collateral for sales team based out of Dubai. Converted $1.5M projects in a year's time frame. 
• Developed an analytical frame work and implemented consumer segmentation and Customer life time value model 
for one of the largest UAE based automotive comp. We developed a non hierarchical k means cluster for after sales 
division and suggested retention strategies for specific target segment based on the analysis output. 
• Developed a delinquency model (what is the propensity to less likely to pay on time) for the largest IT distribution 
UAE comp to identify the drivers for delinquency of customers who are less likely to pay on time and estimated 
expected DSO for each customer, which enabled the client to make effective and timely decisions to tighten credit 
norms for their customers. 
• Developed analytics solutions for a popular UAE based fashion retailer to understand Brand association, perception, 
imagery, perceived quality and awareness with demographic segment and measure the driver of loyalty. Performed 
hypothesis testing for identifying linkage to determine the drivers for brand loyalty. 
• Developed an analytical solution for one of the biggest UAE based bank to address the following business problems 
using various statistical techniques like Customer value tree analysis, Regression Model, Net promoter score, 
correlation analysis and profiling to assess brand positioning, understand customer perception towards the Brand, 
identifying key drivers for recommendation of bank and understand media preference of DIB Customers
Senior Statistician
SUPERVALU INC - Bangalore, Karnataka
July 2008 to August 2009
Responsible for developing all kinds of statistical solutions for Category business planning, Consumer segmentation, Store 
segmentation, Store performance measurement and development of benchmarking criterion for inefficient stores, Promotional 
optimization, and attachment analysis on target product categories using transaction data. Sharing the findings and deciding on the offers for categories on consultation with business partner 
 
• Consumer segmentation and ROI analysis to target segments for a Rewards Program: The objective was to determine 
which segments of customers should be targeted for its upcoming Rewards Program to generate maximum ROI and hence incremental sales. 
• Data Envelopment analysis- Store performance measurement for all banners of Supervalu: The objective was to benchmark efficiency of its low performing stores w.r.t. analogous/peer stores so that corrective actions could be 
taken to improve output of low performing stores. 
• Market Basket Analysis: Attachment analysis on target product categories using transaction data. Sharing the findings 
and deciding on the offer categories with consultation with business partner. 
• Promotion Optimization for Supervalu Products: Optimizing product promotion calendar by identifying most effective 
promotions and the best time period to run those promotions.
Statistician
WNS Global Services India Pvt Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka
October 2006 to May 2008
Involved in applying advanced statistical tools and techniques for data analysis (Retail, IT Hardware & Banking domain) and responsible for model building, accurate data analysis, data interpretation, providing logical solutions to business problems and presenting to Marketing and Business units according to their requirement. 
 
• Developed Fee Based (FB) Product Propensity to Buy Model and Attrition Predictive Model for reputed MEA bank with business objective to maximize interest income of bank without losing any customer. Built Cross selling strategy 
between customers who exhibited signs of attrition and customers who were most likely to purchase FD product. 
• The US based bank wanted to best utilize their EBM system to identify branch banking consumers who are at risk of attrition and undertake proactive retention measures. 
• Built corporate Ink Buyer Model for the largest US retailer to identify the most responsive and profitable customer for the Ink Direct Mail campaign. The two predictive models were built to identify customers who are most likely to 
purchase on receiving an Ink Coupon and predicting Incremental sales. The Model scores were jointly used to determine which customers should receive the coupon. 
• Developed numerous two-stage models (Propensity to buy model and Revenue Model) for one of the largest IT giant 
to estimate likelihood of a customer purchasing the target product line and revenue in next year.
Research Fellow
Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute New Delhi - Bangalore, Karnataka
December 2005 to October 2006
To study the optimality aspects of block designs with equal/unequal block sizes when the observations within a block are 
correlated under different correlation structures and to obtain designs for the given situation. Obtained a class of pair-wise 
uniform design and developed a SAS code in 'PROC IML' for the analysis of these designs with 'Nearest Neighbor Correlation 
Structure.
Business Consultant
North India Pestcontrol Bareilly - Bangalore, Karnataka
September 2000 to April 2003
Actively involved in building marketing strategies, competitive analysis wherein reaching out to the rural and urban areas 
based on unique marketing tactics. I have also applied segmentation methods on survey based household data to understand 
consumer behavior for their products. Customer satisfaction index was calculated to understand the improvement areas, 
focusing on customer's preferences.
Education
M.Sc in Statistics
CCS HAU Hisar, Haryana
August 2003 to October 2005
B.S. in Agriculture Engineering
BANARAS HINDU UNIVERSITY Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh
1996 to 2000
Skills
Analytics, Big data, Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Strategy (10+ years)
Links
http://in.linkedin.com/in/sumanksingh