Sayan Mukhopadhyay
Head - Data Science & Analytics - SOS Corporation

Kolkata, West Bengal
Work Experience
Head - Data Science & Analytics
SOS Corporation - Kolkata, West Bengal
March 2017 to Present
Building woman health care product Tanaya empowered by IOT Analytics, involved in marketing and hardware also.
Head - Machine Learning & Infrastructure
Sulvo - Remote
November 2016 to Present
Tools: AWS, Node Js, python, tensorflow, Google cloud platform, falcon, redis, mongo, sqlite 
Building from scratch a real time deep learning based patent pending algorithmic strategy manager to maximize site revenue for online advertisement platform Sulvo selected for Google start up mentoring program.
Manager - Data Science
Abzooba - Kolkata, West Bengal
June 2015 to November 2016
Tools: Java, Play, Mongo, Python, Neo4j, Angularjs, Stanford NLP, Beautiful Soap, tensorflow, mem2n, 
Promoted to the role of Data Science Manager and Project Lead for key client accounts. Lead a team of seven staff members to deliver sophisticated projects within budget and ahead of schedule. Direct the entire project lifecycle from the initial design and planning phases, through to progress / risk monitoring and implementation. Core member of the leadership team, providing strategic input to assist CXO's in critical decision making. 
Key Projects: 
* Successfully designed analytic solutions (GUI to ML model) within a specified client framework in addition to establishing a credit score model using social media data. 
* Designed and implemented optimal systems, such as dialog, security, auto-complete and feedback modules for retail e-commerce operations and a Topical Crawler for web harvesting. 
* Developed and deployed a Health Insurance Claim Status prediction System via HIPAA 835 & 837 data as well as vendor selection and price optimisation systems utilising transactional data. 
TCG Digital, Kolkata, India 
Tools: Python, Java, Mahout, Hadoop, Hive, Elastic Search, Kibana, Sentiment Analysis, Neural Network Predictor
Data Scientist / Sr. Consultant - Analytics & Bigdata
TCG-Digital
July 2014 to June 2015
Critical role, applying data science methods, processes and systems to troubleshoot analytics and complex bigdata issues for diverse clients. Built positive client relationships, with direct involvement in pre-sales activities. 
Key Projects: 
* Played a lead role in a sentiment analysis project focused on brand development as well as a Neural Network based Predictor for passenger loads for two clients in the aviation sector. 
* Delivered a solution to address data errors for a leading electronics manufacturer / distributer, via the parallel implementation of KMean clustering using Needleman Wounch sequence matching score.
Technical Architect
Mphasis - Pune, Maharashtra
October 2013 to July 2014
Tools: Nagios, Cacti, Ninja, Merlin, Lucierna, Combodo-itop, Jasper-Report, Sumologic, Event correlation, Topology Auto-discovery 
Fully accountable for the build, development and deployment of a complex transaction monitoring system based on available open source stack. Provided optimal service to nine key clients, including Coca Cola, Verion and RPG. Performed requirements gathering and feasibility analysis, then developed robust project plans and roadmaps. Managed, motivated and coached the technical team, with 12 members, to achieve all objectives. 
Key Projects: 
* Designed and implemented enhanced system architecture, including a framework for Nagios Active Checks, recursive approval method for change management in ITSM and integration of netflow and Nagios core via netflow collector and Nagios check plug-in. Swiftly identified / fixed bugs, such as a data miss issue of cacti with 'polar table in not empty' exception.
Lead Architect - Data Mining
ABP Group - Kolkata, West Bengal
May 2013 to August 2013
Tools: Bass Model, Collaborative filtering, Mechanism design, MySql, PHP, Java, Python 
Lead Architect, tasked with creating a revenue model using a stochastic Bass model of user growth / influence. Formulated architecture to support a recommender system and design mechanism incorporating collaborative filtering and linear programming. Effectively managed two direct reports; Data Scientist and Data Engineer.
Senior Technical Analyst
Pubmatic - Pune, Maharashtra
April 2012 to April 2013
Tools: Java, Perl, Shell, Python, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Storm, MySql 
Applied predictive approximation techniques for big data queries to enhance the Hadoop platform in addition to designing and deploying a new estimation and prediction framework for query handling. Conducted R&D, established a unit testing framework and applied Agile methodologies to ensure seamless project execution.
Senior Software Engineer
CA Technology - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN
September 2011 to April 2012
Tools: C++, Java, Perl, SNMP, Barclay DB, Gmake, Tomcat, Rest-Ful Web Service, RTC 
Vital role as senior member of the Spectrum Backlog Reduction team, tasked with the development, maintenance and support of a large-scale, complex data centre operation domain. Performed bug fixing, code reviews and testing, then designed and deployed features to enhance performance, quality and security standards. Delivered 2nd Level support to clients and mentored junior members of the team. 
Key Projects: 
* Successfully implemented numerous product features, such as an ignore character case in seek command enabling users to find a model handler with given condition. Swiftly resolved complex bugs, including a GUI fault due to race condition between front end thread for servlet request and backend thread of server response.
Technical Manager - Patent Analysis / Loyalty Reward Program
FairFest Media Limited - Kolkata, West Bengal
November 2010 to September 2011
Tools: ASP/C# .net, Nhibernate, WCF, C++, Python, Poco, NVP/SOAP/Rest, AJAX 
Conducted patent analysis, marketing and development activities within the poverty, environment and security areas. Acted as a focal point of contact on technical issues and mentored the 14 members of the project team.
Senior Consultant - Application Development
PayPal - Chennai, Tamil Nadu
March 2010 to November 2010
Tools: Apache, Red-hat Linux, C++, Swig, Python, Java, ClearCase, Active MQ 
Strategically managed and developed core payment technology, including the optimisation of system architecture, framework and functionality. Oversaw code review, debugging, profiling and unit testing activities, with four direct reports. Promoted an environment of continual improvement and best practice. 
Key Projects: 
* Established an AMQ framework that recorded corresponding error numbers in the Common Application Logger based on errors related to SQL. 
* Developed a remove range method in Vector class for the PayPal developer community and applied swig generate python / java interface of admin-auth module to cache authentication data in a local server.
Technical Consultant
Credit-Suisse - Pune, Maharashtra
June 2008 to February 2010
Tools: C++, C# .net, Perl, Shell, Python, Oracle, Sybase, Linux, Solaris, Tibco-EMS 
Multifaceted role, providing technical consultancy across risk analysis, algorithmic trading and infrastructure development as well as acting as Rapid Application Developer for high-frequency trading. 
Key Projects: 
* Delivered an application support project involving the modification and enhancement of a trading time risk analysis tool which greatly improved risk management and control. 
* Successfully designed and implemented a distributed, divide and conquer Real-time Log-file Parsing Framework for use in high-frequency trading activities.
Software Engineer
January 2000 to December 2003
in Total Computer System for different academic clients.
Education
MS by Research in Computational and Data Science
Indian Institute of Science Bangalore, Karnataka
BE in Electronics and Instrumentation
Jadavpur University
Skills
architecture (3 years), C+ (6 years), Java (8 years), python (6 years), Databases (8 years), Machine Learning (6 years)
Additional Information
Core Competencies: 
• Data Science / Artificial Intelligence 
• High Performance Computing 
• Full Stack Product Development 
• Problem Resolution / Troubleshooting 
• Client Relationship Management 
 
• Solution / Technical Architecture 
• Business Intelligence & IT Security 
• Agile / Rapid Application Development / ITIL / ITSM 
• Risk Mitigation & Change Management 
• Motivational Leadership 
 
Technical Proficiencies 
Programming: C++, Core Java (6.0), C# .net(3.5), Shell, Python, SQL, Node-Angular, Android, UML 2.0 
Tools: 
Socket, IPC, RPC, ACE, Poco, HTTP, REST, SOAP, Play, Flask, WCF, Unix (GDB, Gprof, Makefile), HPC (MPI, Open MP, POSSIX, CUDA), Selenium, Active-MQ, Tibco-EMS, Zero-MQ, git, svn 
 
Analytics: 
Matlab, R, Octave, Oracle, Sybase, Mysql, Sqlite, Elastic Search, MongoDB, neo4j, Hadoop, Mapreduce, Hive, Mahoot, Storm, Spark, Gemfire, MS BI, Pentaho, D3, C3, Google Visualization API, Map API, Kibana, SAS Certified Base Programmer, SAS 
 
Systems 
Administration: 
 
Linux, Windows, Solaris, AWS, Virtual Box, Router, Switch, SevOne, Nikson, Corvil, Ganglia, Spectrum, E-Health, Nagios, Cacti, Lucierna, Asterisknow, socat 
 
Security NMAP, SearchSploit, SQLMap, BurpSuite, armitage, Kali Linux