Harish Venkataraman
Bangalore, Karnataka
To sufficiently expend my skillset in an organization so I can learn the ways of the modern world and put 
my creativity to test, and thereby, hope to contribute to the society in a positive way as a Data Scientist.
Work Experience
Data Science Intern
Talview - Bangalore, Karnataka
• Presently interning at Talview (video interview application) for the duration of a project involving 
building a recommendation engine for filtering candidate resumes using textual job descriptions. 
Tools used - NLP, Elasticsearch, Python, AlchemyLanguage. 
 
• Performed behavorial analysis on the data provided by Alchemy to evaluate a candidate's job 
suitability using Linear Regression. 
 
• Hypothesis testing of the Alchemy data against real-world client statistics to measure error rates. 
 
• Built a basic Elasticsearch index that indexes candidate resumes so that they can be made 
available for search.
Education
B.E. in Information Science
Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering Bangalore, Karnataka
PUC Electronics
Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College Bangalore, Karnataka
Carmel School Bangalore, Karnataka
Skills
Python (1 year), Excel (1 year)
Links
http://github.com/Harish238/Sample-Projects
https://github.com/Aishwarya2795/News-Aggregator-Project
https://github.com/Harish238/Pariksha
Certifications/Licenses
Analytics using Excel by Internshala
January 2016
Data Science with Python and R by Datacamp
Various topics including data handling, visualisation, machine learning etc.
Additional Information
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Programming Python C C++ 
Operating Systems Linux Windows 
Tools ElasticSearch MS Excel LibreOffice Calc 
 
PROJECTS 
• Laptop Battery Optimization Solution using Excel (2016) 
A mini-project that uses past laptop-related and other statistics such as usage and outside 
temperature, to build a linear regression model that estimates the laptop's battery time. 
 
• Poker Hand-Strength Meter (2017) 
A command line simulation of a 5-player poker game in Python which smartly predicts the strength of 
your hand. Under development. 
 
• Mini-Project on Visualization of Graphs (2016) 
A Python program that interactively allows you to change the type of graph displayed. Uses bokeh 
package in Python- github.com/Harish238/Sample-Projects 
• Document Classification using Supervised Learning (2017) 
A classifier trained to classify news articles into certain categories. Built on the "News Aggregator 
Dataset" found in UCI's Machine Learning Repository. Under development.