Rajeev Gupta
Application Developer - Cognizant Technology Solutions

Hugli, West Bengal
* B.E. (Electronics and Telecommunication) pass out in 2012. 
* Total Industry experience of 4 years and 10 months in IT. 
* Experience of 4 years and 1 month in Software Development with Ericsson India Global Services Private Limited as Software Engineer, Solution Integrator and Senior Solution Integrator. 
* Currently working with Cognizant Technology Solutions for 9 months having designation Associate - Projects. 
* Deft in Software Development activities including design, development, support, testing, enhancement and maintenance. 
* Strong technical skills in Java, J2EE, Apache POI, JavaScript, JQuery, Handlebars.js, Angular.js, AJAX, JSP, HTML, CSS, BIRT, Spring Framework and BPM tool - Bonitasoft. 
* Have worked as a Software Developer for Ericsson India Global Services Private Limited in following Projects - EriFly, EriPro, CareerConnect, CSI-Operations Summit and ASPIRE. 
* Have worked as a UI and AEM Developer for Cognizant Technology Solutions in John Hancock Investment USA project. 
* A team player with honed communication, interpersonal, leadership management and analytical skills.
Work Experience
Application Developer
Cognizant Technology Solutions - US
September 2016 to Present
JOHN HANCOCK INVESTMENT PROJECT Duration: Sep '16 till now Team Size: 5 
Technologies: Java, AEM, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Node JS, Bootstrap, Handlebars JS, Angular.js, Sightly, MEAN Stack, Angular2. 
 
Role: Application Developer 
Client: John Hancock, USA. 
 
Description: John Hancock Investment is a premier asset manager representing one of America's most trusted brands, with a heritage of financial stewardship. This Investment project itself contains three vast modules - ETF, ESG and Annuities. These modules are developed using component concept of AEM and also UI part is maintained using slightly, handlebars and HTML5. This site has also provision of Mutual Fund, PF, etc. 
 
Responsibilities: Acts as developer for UI and Middleware development in the team.
Associate, Project
Cognizant Technology Solutions
August 2016 to Present
Major Projects Handled;
Senior Solution Integrator
April 2016 to August 2016
Major Projects Handled;
Application Developer
ASPIRE
January 2016 to August 2016
ASPIRE Duration: Jan '16 to Aug '16 
Team Size: 3 
Technologies: Java, Spring MVC, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, MYSQL, JSP, CSS, Drools. 
 
Role: Application Developer 
Client: Ericsson Internal Tool. 
 
Description: ASPIRE is an Organization portal based on contractual resource openings in an organisation. This Portal also allows user to create request for contractual hiring and processes their request. This processing includes various features like approval queue (managed through drools rule engine), sending notification to vendors, resume upload, managing interview, interviewer feedback and decision, PO raise for salary negotiation, etc. 
 
Responsibilities: Acts as senior developer for UI and Middleware development in the team. Also, responsible for rule engine implementation.
Software Engineer
March 2013 to March 2016
Application Developer
CSI Operation Summit
September 2015 to December 2015
CSI Operation Summit Duration: Sept '15 to Dec '15 
Team Size: 2 
Technologies: Java, Cordova, Android, JQuery, HTML, CSS, MYSQL. 
 
Role: Application Developer 
Client: London Ericsson Summit Team. 
 
Description: CSI Operations Head Summit is an android application related to the presentation, feedback and response dealing between presenter and audience. 
 
Responsibilities: Acts as developer for UI and server management.
Application Developer
CareerConnect
March 2015 to August 2015
CareerConnect Duration: Mar '15 to Aug '15 
Team Size: 3 
Technologies: Java, Spring MVC, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, MYSQL, JSP, CSS. 
 
Role: Application Developer 
Client: Ericsson Internal Tool. 
 
Description: CareerConnect is an Organization portal based on openings in an organisation. This Portal also allows user to save openings in the form of cart and apply for the openings currently or in future as per convenience. User can also refer friend for any interested openings. This portal acts as a channel between user and resource manager. User can also view their past, current and future assignment in an organization. 
 
Responsibilities: Acts as senior developer for UI and Middleware development in the team.
Application Developer
CareerConnect
April 2013 to February 2015
EriPro Duration: Apr '13 to Feb '15 
Team Size: 14 
Technologies: Java, J2EE, Apache POI, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSP, HTML, CSS, BIRT, Spring Framework, MYSQL. 
 
Role: Application Developer 
Client: Ericsson Internal Tool. 
 
Description: EriPro is an Organization portal based on Project Management. This Portal provides automated processes regarding Project Management (Opportunity Creation, Demand Handling, Resource Management, Order Booking, ICRRB Generation, Project Creation, Organization level reports, Metrics, etc.) transactions available in EriPro. This portal also communicates with other third party utilities like RcSE for Service Satisfaction Index Calculation from Client. This asset provides several self-service utilities like Ticket Management System to track and manage tickets raised by users, Message Broadcast facility for Managers and HRs, Enterprise Document management system which is a workflow engine that creates customized workflow for documents uploaded by users, different Organization reports generated through BIRT and quartz triggered notification. 
 
Responsibilities: 1. Part of Quartz Notification Team using cronTrigger concept from April '13 to August '13. 
2. Part of BIRT Report Designing Team from September '13 to December '13. 
3. Helped Support Team from January '14 to February '14. 
4. Part of UI and Middleware Development Team from March '13 to Febrauary '15.
Application Developer
EriFly
November 2012 to February 2013
Technologies: Java, J2EE, Spring MVC, MYSQL, BonitaSoft. 
Client: Ericsson Internal VISA Management. 
 
Scope: This software maintains records of VISA and passport of all the employees in Ericsson following some approval conventions. This software generates a detailed VISA report for every Line Manager on monthly basis and at the same time calculates various attendance parameters like Defaulters, Approvals, Rejections, Onsite Details, etc. 
 
Responsibilities: Handling the entire programming for the application using Spring MVC and Database handling. Generated Business Process Management using BonitaSoft for this software.
Graduate Engineer Trainee
Ericsson India Global Services Private Limited
August 2012 to February 2013
Education
B.E. in Engineering
Bengal Engineering and Science University (BESU)
2006
Skills
J2EE (2 years), Java (4 years), JavaScript (3 years), JQuery (4 years), MYSQL (3 years)
Additional Information
* Sense of commitment and knowledge enables me to execute my task efficiently. 
* Quality of being a good team player enables me to adjust in different situations and adapt to different environment easily. 
* Ability to learn and explore new opportunities. 
 
Technical Proficiency 
Languages: Java/J2EE, Android, HTML5, CSS3 
Hardware / OS: Windows, Linux. 
Scripting/Library/Template: JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Handlebars JS. 
Framework: Spring Framework (3.0 and 4.0), AEM, MEAN, Angular JS 
Databases: MySQL 
Technical Interest (Other than IT): Electronics, Networking 
Tools: Eclipse, Bonitasoft, MYSQL Workbench, Atom, Drools, CRXDE. 
Application Server: JBoss Server v7.1, Apache Tomcat v7.0. 
Repository: SVN, GIT.