Aiswarya Chandrasekaran
APPLICATION DEVELOPER - BNY mellon

Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
➢ Application developer with 2 year 1 month of experience in Mainframe application development, Maintenance and production support activities. 
➢ Primary skills constitute COBOL, JCL, DB2, VSAM, ENDEVOR and CICS. 
➢ Good analytical and programming skill and have ability to adapt in any new language and environment. 
➢ Good communication and interpersonal skills to easily work with new team and grasping the requirement and act according to the demand and productivity.
Work Experience
APPLICATION DEVELOPER
BNY mellon
May 2015 to Present
PROJECT DETAILS 
1) BNY MELLON - PERSHING (BANK CUSTODY) 
 
A new system introduced to process and maintains bank custody books and records. The project will enable Pershing to properly reflect payments received and allocation to clients on NETX360 and to communicate these payments to clients through email notifications. It will also allow us to display client equity dividend reinvestment elections on NETX360 based upon instructions stored. 
 
Duration: 6 months 
Technical domains: Mainframe 
Functional domain: Banking 
Team size: 4 
Role: Application developer 
Responsibilities & Contribution: 
➢ Involved in analysis, Coding and testing 
➢ Involved in analysis. Pre conversation testing, data conversion, post conversation testing and preparation of test plans, review of solution to delivered to the client 
Significant achievements 
➢ Appreciated by team lead and managers or handling and Making quick turnaround and fixing issues 
➢ Given a WOW award (DRIVE AND DELIVERS AN EXCELLENCE) by project lead for good involvement and understanding 
 
2) BANK CUSTODY STANDARD FILES - CORPORATE ACTIONS 
 
This document is specific to the Corporate actions work stream. It involves enhancement tons sys the existing corporate action systems and usage of Global plus, a 3rd party accounting platform. It involves both USD and non-USD assets. Pershing produces standard Files that represent wires produced by the legacy REOR application. There are 5 produced on daily basis that encompass announcements, payments, instruction confirmations and lottery results. 
 
Duration: Currently working 
Technical domains: Mainframe 
Functional domain: Banking 
Team size: 3 
Role: Application developer 
Responsibilities & Contribution: 
➢ Involved in analysis, Coding and testing 
➢ Involved in analysis. Pre conversation testing, data conversion, post conversation testing and preparation of test plans, review of solution to delivered to the client
Education
Bachelor Of Engineering in Electronics and communication engineering
Anna University Chennai, Tamil Nadu
2015
Higher Secondary Education
Tamilnadu State Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
2011
Secondary Education
Presentation Convent Girl's Higher Secondary School Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
2009
Additional Information
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY 
➢ Programming Languages: COBOL, JCL, C & C++. 
➢ Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/8, MVS and Z/OS. 
➢ Packages: Star Office & MS Office. 
➢ Database: DB2 
DEMONSTATED SKILLS 
➢ Software development 
➢ Good programming skills 
➢ Good communication skills 
➢ Good reasoning and analytical skills 
➢ Ability to adapt any new languages and technical platforms