Ashay Jain
Application Developer

Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh
• Currently working as an Application Developer in Atos India Pvt. Ltd from past 6+ years. 
• Expertise in Java, Groovy languages and related frameworks. 
• Workflow analysis, estimations and delivering solution. 
• Certified Scrum Developer 
• Certified Scrum Fundamental.
Work Experience
Application Developer
KPN - Groningen, NL
August 2013 to March 2015
Project Location Groningen - Netherlands Team Size (If applicable) 4 
Project Description: 
KPN is Netherlands telecom company which provides mobile as well as non-mobile services in Netherlands. 
 
Role / Responsibilities Application Developer, Hot Fixes, Standby support for releases 
Contribution 
• Participated in sprint planning and sprint review sessions. 
• Understand as well as calculate story points for particular user stories. 
• Building requirement based on user stories and parallel looking for design to maintain the business requirement changes. 
• Handle different delivery phases till productions. Also, worked parallel on different releases. 
• Worked on Quick fixes. 
 
Assignments under VAMOS:- Assignment Name 
Sim swap functionality, Scanning mobile devices, Consumental rights, Customer Privacy Settings, GUI upgrade, Store pick up functionality 
 
Application Name KPN-VAMOSm KPN-TIE 
Tools and Technology Grails 1.3.7, Grails 2.3.8, webservices, Cordys BOP 4.3, Jquery, Grails plugins, SVN, Bamboo, JIRA, Confluence 
Workshops/Trainings 
 
• Java 8 training. 
• Agile way of working development trainings. DevOps way of working training. 
• Certified Scrum Developer 
• Certified Scrum Fundamental 
 
Employment History
Application Developer
Atos India
October 2010 to October 2010
Till Now
Skills
Ajax (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), Java (1 year), Jquery (1 year)
Additional Information
Technical Expertise 
 
Technology / Classification Java, Groovy and related Technologies. 
 
Primary Skills Secondary Skills 
Core Java 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, Groovy Cordys BOP 4.3 
Grails, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, Spring plugins like State Machine etc. EasyMock, Grails Unit test framework, Spring Mockito, JPA etc 
Mongo Database (I'm interested to learn and work with this new database) 
 
Web services both SOAP based as well as REST Test optimal (I am interested to work with automated tool and implement this to the project to automate test) 
Html, Javascript, Ajax, CSS, Jquery, KendoUI Automatic deployment processes (I m interested to work in automatic deployment) 
Oracle Also interested on working with new tools and frameworks like Angular.js etc.