Pushpendra Kumar
3+ year working experience in iOS and Android mobile application development

Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh
I have a solid background in creating complex mobile applications for IPhone and Android. I can work independently and respect a deadline. I feel comfortable working with a good team of developers. I am passionate about the mobile application developing, and have strong knowledge about that. 
 
I have start my career with BPO center in 14th February 2014 as a Technical Support from Gurgaon. I did work in BPO till 9 month. Secondly I moved in another company after 9 month means on 16th November 2014, and I did work as Mobile application Developer in that company which is based in Haridwar. I did work in that company till One Year and after that this company was closed and I have to move on another company where I am working right now as Mobile Application Developer. I am working in that company from 2015 to till now. 
 
Basically, I am Mobile Application Developer with +3 years of experience in a sensitive corporate environment. I am proficient at building and maintaining professional Mobile Application and Result-oriented. Have an Associate's Degree in Computer Science and Engineering. 
 
CARRER OBJECTIVE 
 
Seeking a position in life to utilize my skills and abilities and achieve professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. I want to succeed in an environment of growth and excellence to meet personal and organizational goals. To join a company that offers me a stable and positive atmosphere and inspires me to enhance and therefore to innovate the work culture for the betterment of all parties concerned. 
To add valuable assets to your esteemed organization as an active member.
Work Experience
Mobile Application Developer
Apps Factor - Haridwar, Uttarakhand
January 2015 to Present
I am mobile application developer in this company who is responsible for both Android and iOS application which is designed by that company.
Mobile Application Developer
Celia Infotech PVT Ltd - Haridwar, Uttarakhand
January 2014 to January 2015
I was mobile application developer in that company. And basically I did start my career with that company.
Technical Support Engineer
R Financial Solution - Gurgaon, Haryana
June 2013 to January 2014
Education
Mater in Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Uttrakhand Technical University Roorkee, Uttarakhand
July 2016 to July 2018
Bachelor in Technology in Computer Science and Engineering
Uttarakhand Technical University Roorkee, Uttarakhand
July 2011 to July 2015
Skills
Xcode (3 years), Swift (3 years), Android Studio (3 years), Java (3 years), ionic (1 year), Angularjs (1 year), Microsoft Office (7 years), Adobe Premier (Video Editor) (1 year), Wordpress (2 years)
Links
https://twitter.com/Pushpendra5299
https://www.facebook.com/sainipushpendra
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pushpendra-saini
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwsmo1ER5WstVajV2N3j1yQ
Awards
Student Of the Year
March 2012
Best Employee
June 2015
Best Mobile Application Developer
September 2016
Certifications/Licenses
PHP
July 2014 to Present
Additional Information
I am independent Mobile Application Developer in apps factor. I have designed lots application in iOS and Android together. I have deeply knowledge about swift, xcode, Android studio, Java, XML, json. These all are my strongest skills which make me confident about doing any thing in the programming world.