Baskaran K
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
To excel in the software profession and hold up a challenging position in corporate world through diligence and dedication and to ensure my highest contribution towards the organization I work with.
Work Experience
Application Developer
Saaga Infotech - Chennai, Tamil Nadu
September 2015 to November 2016
• 1 Year of experience in Saaga InfoTech as Application Developer. 
• Technically sound and have good learning, communication, problem solving skills and have natural leadership qualities. 
• Actively and successfully involved in projects from the design and implementation phase as well as testing and support. 
 
Project#1 (Current Project) 
Title: Saaga Health Care (Hospital Management System) 
Team Size: 5 
Environment: Spring4 MVC Framework, Hibernate, AngularJS, 
Servlets, JSON, Jsp, MySql, Tomcat. 
 
Description:- 
This is Hospital Management System which is Ultimate Solution for Hospitals which having Modules like Patients, Lab, Infrastructure, Pharmacy, Accounts, HR. It is an integrated end-to-end Hospital Management System that provides relevant information across the hospital to support effective decision making for patient care, hospital administration and critical financial accounting, in a seamless flow.
Education
B.E in CSE
Panimalar Engineering College
2015
Diploma in CT
Vel Tech Polytechnic
2010
SSLC
KCS School
2007
Skills
Adobe Premiere (Less than 1 year), After Effects (Less than 1 year), AngularJS (Less than 1 year), coding (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
Technical Knowledge Overview: 
 
• Working knowledge in the development of web based applications. 
• Working knowledge in JAVA, Servlets, JSP, and AngularJS. 
• Strong software developing including designing/modeling, programming/coding of server side components. 
• Knowledge on Tomcat and backend Mysql database accessing using Hibernate. 
• Working Experience on Struts MVC Framework, Spring MVC Framework, Hibernate And AngularJs. 
• Good communication and Interpersonal skills. 
 
Programming skills Java, J2EE. 
Frameworks Spring 4 
ORM Framework Hibernate 3 
Web Technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS. 
Java IDE Eclipse, STS, NetBeans 
Application servers Tomcat 7 
Database MySql 5.1 
Multimedia Photoshop Cs5, After Effects Cs4, Adobe Premiere Pro Cs3. 
Other Skills Internet Marketing 
 
Skills Summary: 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
 
• Developing the Code as per the requirements. 
• Major And Minor issue Handling. 
• Assign the work to the team members. 
• Acted as a Team Lead for Current Projects. 
• Research and Implement new methods for Better Performance. 
 
Strengths: 
 
• Self motivating long term player and precise. 
• Creative, Curious, Consistent and Committed to work. 
• Ability to successfully handle and deliver any task that is assigned to me despite the 
time constraints or resource crunch. 
 
Personal minutiae: 
 
Name: K.Baskaran