V. Esakki
Bangalore, Karnataka
➢ M.SC in Information technology from M.S university 
 
➢ A confident and diligent person with good analytical skills, an Active team player, persevering and proactive 
 
➢ Ability to express technical concepts clearly to people with no technical background 
 
➢ Adept in database MSSQL and Programming language .Net and Internet Applications 
 
➢ An effective communicator with excellent interpersonal, logical thinking & analytical abilities 
 
SCHOLASTIC QUALIFICATION 
➢ Post Graduation program in .NET specialization from NIIT Bangalore.
Work Experience
Associate Application Developer
XL Health Corporation India Pvt Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka
November 2015 to Present
As an Application developer i do take care of collecting requirements, implementation and reports/support.
Education
Post graduate program in .NET speacialization in Computer science
NIIT Bangalore, Karnataka
2015 to 2015
M Sc in information technology
Rose Mary College of arts and science Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
2009 to 2011
B Sc in information technololgy
Sri sarada College for Women Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
2007 to 2009
Higher secondary school education in biology, computer science
Baren Bruck higher secondary school Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
2004 to 2006
Secondary school eduation in biology, computer science
Baren Bruck higher secondary school Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
2003 to 2004
Skills
C, C++, C#, ADO.Net, ASP.Net, ASP MVC, CSS, JavaScript, HTML5, SQL server (1 year)
Additional Information
PROJECTS 
Project 1: 
Title : WEBCAM VIEWER 
Programming language: VB.NET 
Webcam recorder can be used to capture/record video from webcam through Webcam Viewer. This Viewer provides various options to record and manipulate the video during capturing. The customer can change the captured image as per their requirement. 
 
Project 2:  
Title : E-Polling  
Programming language: ASP.NET, SQL  
E-Polling is an application which can be used to collect the votes from people through online. This software will classify the votes and gives us the vote result. This software has voter’s information built in. 
 
EXTRA CURRICULAM 
 
 1st Prize in “Steganography” Paper presentation at Kamaraj College. 
 2nd Prize in “Network Security” inter college tech competition held at Kamaraj College. 
 3rd Prize in “Web Mining” inter college tech competition held at at Sarah Tucker College. 
 3rd Prize in PROGRAM DEBUGGING at Sarah Tucker College. 
 Involved in various cultural activities at school and college level 
 
STRENGTHS 
 
 Effective communication skills and good analytical and decision making ability.  
 
 Dedicated to Professional and highly motivated towards target achievement.  
 
LINKEDIN : https://in.linkedin.com/pub/esakkiammal-ramesh/103/979/b12 
 
PERSONAL PROFILE: 
Name : V.Esakkiammal 
Husband Name : A.Ramesh 
Date of Birth : […] 
Language known : Tamil, English 
Address : No: 110, 3 rd floor, 2nd block, Yamalur, […] 
 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. Yours truly, 
Date:  
Place: Bangalore (V.ESAKKIAMMAL)