Santhosh Didigam
Application Developer - IBM India Pvt. Ltd

Hyderabad, Telangana
• Having more than 3 years of experience in Software Development. 
• Possess a flair for working hard and contributing towards achievement of organizational goals 
• Proficiency in mapping Business Requirements, Technical Documentation, Application Design, Development and Troubleshooting for IT projects in Banking and Telecom domain. 
• Endowed with a passion for winning as evinced through demonstrated excellence in academic & extracurricular areas 
• Ability to evaluate and interpret unique problems, with a combination of training experience and logical thinking to find the right solutions 
• An effective communicator with strong analytical, leadership, logical thinking & problem solving abilities.
Work Experience
Application Developer
IBM India Pvt. Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka
February 2014 to Present
Key Result Areas: 
• Involved in design, development, testing, troubleshooting and debugging of the software. 
• Carrying out the system study and coordinating with team members for product documentation, system design & integration, coding, application maintenance, etc. 
• Providing post-implementation, application maintenance and enhancement support to the client with regard to the software application 
• Maintaining the integrity and traceability of products as they evolve from user needs through requirement analysis, design, development, integration and installation for the client 
• Mapping the business requirements and translating these requirements into functional specifications and detailing test plans 
• Ensuring timely completion and delivery of project to the client; extending production support of multiple applications 
• Liaising with key clients, nurturing relationships with key influencers and acquiring profitable business for providing systems support and implementation of software 
 
Project Handled: 
Title: Enterprise iOS Mobile App Development (IBM + Apple Strategic partnership) 
Role: iOS app development, API Development, Backend Business Logic development 
Team Size: 20 
Brief: The project aimed at developing MobileFirst for iOS Solutions. Innovating iOS apps development for Enterprise. We develop mobile apps with integrating different cloud platforms. Reference 
implementation with integration of different backend enterprise system, and customize the app as per 
particular SRS. 
Technology: IBM Mobilefirst Platform for iOS, J2EE (JAX-RS), Node.js, Cloudant, JSON. 
Roles: 
Roles: 
◦ Worked as Integration Developer for MVP projects (Minimum viable products) 
i.e. Client projects which follows Agile methodology associated with Apple+IBM 
◦ Created JSON according the requirements of clients. 
◦ Created REST based API for different HTTP methods like GET, POST, PUT, etc. 
◦ iOS Mobile First Solutions development over eclipse with Java and IBM Cloudant database. 
◦ Debugging in Eclipse and functional testing in Postman REST Client. 
◦ Backend business logic coded in Java and data storage in JSON File, IBM Cloudant. 
◦ Continuous Code delivery with Agile methodology and IBM DevOps 
 
Project Handled:
Application Developer
IBM India Pvt. Ltd
February 2014 to February 2015
Brief: The project aimed at developing and maintaining multiple Java web service based applications. These 
services are consumed by the Mobile team and Integration team. 
Technology: Oracle JDeveloper, J2EE (JAX-WS, JAX-B) and Core Java. 
 
Responsibilities: 
◦ Contribution in development of java web service interface for new back-end SOAP transactions. 
◦ Migrated the code Written in .Net Language to Java Language with JAVA-WS API. 
◦ Created WSDL files from High level design document and followed bottom-Up approach for web service. 
◦ Conducting unit testing and reporting defects with tools like HP ALM. 
◦ Code build and deployment on multiple test environments. 
◦ Defects and production tickets investigation with logs. 
◦ Generated the Class Diagrams as per the code using Jdeveloper11g. 
◦ Written the build file to create the War using the Ant Script. 
◦ Automated the source code checkout from the repository (Harvest) using Batch file.
Education
B.Tech in Electronics and Communications in Electronics and Communications
JNTU University Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN
2013
Education
Sri Chaitanya Junior College Hyderabad, Board of Intermediate Education Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN
2009
Skills
database. (3 years), eclipse (3 years), iOS (3 years), Java (3 years), JSON. (3 years)
Additional Information
IT SKILLS 
 
◦ Languages: Java, Data Structure, XML, JSON. 
◦ IDE: Eclipse, JDeveloper 
◦ Application Server: Tomcat, IBM MobileFirst for iOS 
◦ Database: MySQL, Oracle & IBM Cloudant 
◦ Operating System: Windows, Mac OS X 
◦ SDLC: Agile, Waterfall Methodology