Prasannera Das
Banglore
Looking for a professional career towards an innovative and skilled position which will give me the experience of learning new technology where I can utilize my skills for future aspects and harmonizing my self with the company growth aspiration.
Work Experience
Fresher
LANGUAGES Core JAVA, Manual testing, SQL. 
DATABASE My SQL 
OPERATING SYSTEM Windows 7 & 8 
TOOLS Oracle 11g, Ecllipse mars.2, JDK. 
TRAINNING 
 
Completed training in Manual testing, SQL, Core JAVA from Q-Spider Bangalore. 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
DATABASE: SQL 
➢ Good knowledge in sub - queries and joins. 
➢ lore in table insertion, table create, update, alter in creating table. 
➢ Wisdom in constraints keys, aggregate function for modifying the database. 
MANUAL TESTING 
➢ Good knowledge in SDLC model and STLC model. 
➢ Having excellent understanding in functional, integration, system and non functional testing. 
➢ Good hand in writing test case, test scenarios, test plans, test case design techniques with the execution of test cases. 
CORE JAVA 
➢ Good knowledge on method overloading, method overriding. 
➢ On encapsulation, polymorphism and oops concepts. 
➢ On string class, string buffer class and string builder class. 
➢ Lore in collection frame work, arraylist, linked list programming skills. 
 
ACADEMIC PROJECT 
 
TITLE: Prepaid energy meter using RFID. 
 
POSITION: Developer. 
DESCRIPTION: The main aim of this project is to reduce our daily home electric uses and money it is also called as prepaid energy billing system. RFID (radio frequency identification mode) through it the customer can recharge energy through swiping card. It has implemented on Linux software and the coding has done by microprocessor scripting language. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
➢ Involved in design based on RFID module. 
➢ Analyzing requirements on prepaid energy meter. 
➢ Involved in project and meetings with team member to resolve problems. 
Project undergone in Q-spider: Acti Time Tracking and Management. 
Brief Explanation: As a part of Training course In Q-spiders we undertook this project. Acti time is a web-based software for time Tracking and management. It helps in improve the business process, analyze the team performance and Reduce costs It is a unique application that enables the organization manages performances and generate precise reports regarding employee shifts and performance with the help of its enhanced tools. 
Responsibilities: Understanding the application, Involved in identifying Scenarios, Wrote test cases and execute manual test cases and logged the defect. 
PERSONAL SKILLS 
 
➢ Analytical ability and problem resolving skills. 
➢ Good verbal and written communication skills. 
➢ Adaptability in any kind of environment.
Education
B.tech in Electronics
Sikshya o anusandhan university Banglore
Skills
Manual testing,java,sql (Less than 1 year), Autmoation (Less than 1 year)