Pranali Gaikwad
Pune, Maharashtra
Seeking a responsible position in an organization, which gives me a chance to improve 
knowledge, enhance my skills & enable me to strive towards the overall development of the 
organization.
Work Experience
Fresher
Pune, Maharashtra
• Languages: C, C++ and Java. 
• Database: MYSQL. 
• Operating System: Windows NT family, Linux Distributions. 
 
TOOLS AND UTILITIES: Sys internals Utilities. 
PROJECTS: 
 
1. Project Name: E_LEARNING SYSTEM 
 
Discription: 
This software allows simplicity of accessing the contents of the required subjects 
offline after downloading the same. Basically our system is for children who learn basic 
languages. This result investigates how to support self-learning of modern day preschoolers. 
 
Technology: Java 
 
2. Project Name: LAND DEVELOPER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
 
Discription: 
This system maintains all the information of multiple sites of land developer. It also 
maintains the information of every sites along with the information of every 
customer under that site. 
 
Technology: C, DS 
 
3. Project Name: DAIRY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
 
Discription: 
Dairy management system provides all information about product wise sale details. 
This system maintains the daily and monthly transactions of milk sale. It is very helpful 
for calculating the dairy's income and also helpful to dairy for paying income tax and 
other. If operator used this system, the operator does not need any other financial and 
other software like as tally. 
 
Technology: Java 
Project Name: FILE COMBINING TOOL 
 
Discription: 
This tool is used to access the directory name from user and it will combine all the files 
from that directory into a single regular file. One reverse performing tool is there which 
is used to extract all the files from that combined file and it will recreate the new file. we 
used file handling, directory handling, structure reading and writing. For this purpose 
we select system call and linux is consider as a targeted operating system. We can 
develop this application by using c and c++. 
 
Technology: C
Education
MCS in Computer science
Garware college Pune, Maharashtra
Skills
Core Java,javascript,jsp,css,html ,mysql (Less than 1 year)