Kirubakaran Srinivasan
Front End UI Developer AngularJS JavaScript HTML5 CSS3 7Years

Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Designation: Sr. Front End UI Engineer
Work Experience
Sr Front End UI Developer
Newt Globals - Chennai, Tamil Nadu
December 2016 to Present
Sr Front End Developer
Software Engineer
General Civil Aviation Authority - Abu Dhabi
June 2014 to Present
Work: Web/Mobile & Cross platform development 
Duration: June-2014 to till date 
Link: http://www.gcaa.gov.ae/ 
 
Project: GCAA SAMAE (Mobile App), 
Environment: JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, CSS3, HTML5, .Net, Worklight 6.2. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer, I am responsible to analysis, design and develop the requirement. Requirement gathering, suggesting the right solution to the client and providing the solution to the team members. Maintain the delivery dates and tracking/monitoring the status and stick into the final testing and producing the expected output to the end client as per the requirement. 
 
Description: It is a web/mobile/cross platform based application. The word SAMAE is an Arabic word which means "My Sky". The General Civil Aviation Authority chose this name to signify the importance of Safety and Security in the rapidly growing UAE Aviation Industry and considering the increasing traffic in its Airspace. SAMAE is a smart application developed by the in-house IT team of the GCAA for a quicker and smarter way for the stakeholders & customers to communicate with the Authority. 
The state of the art developed application complies with the UAE and the international Civil Aviation regulations and is first of its kind in the aviation industry to revolutionize interaction of the license holder with the Authority. The smart application enables the customer to conduct end to end transaction with the Authority ranging from Initial issue, renewal and re-issuance of Pilot, Engineer, Flight Dispatcher, Air traffic controller and Cabin Crew licenses along with the ePayment functionality. 
The application is hybrid in nature & available on various mobile platforms, developed in compliance with the international standards such as W3C, UAE Federal Government SMART Government Guidelines and certified by Truste for security and integrity and code certified by Symantec.. 
 
Project: Internal Products (Aeronovation, FutureAviator, CPMS, BrainMiner) 
Environment: JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, CSS3, HTML5, .Net 4.0. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer, I am responsible to analysis, design and develop the requirement. Requirement gathering, suggesting the right solution to the client and providing the solution to the team members. Maintain the delivery dates and tracking/monitoring the status and stick into the final testing and producing the expected output to the end client as per the requirement. 
 
Description: It is a web/mobile/cross platform based application: 
http://futureaviators.ae/ 
http://aeronnovation.ae/
Sr. Software Engineer
Clarion Technologies - Pune, Maharashtra
July 2013 to June 2014
Work: Gaming, Web and Mobile Development 
Duration: July-2013 to June 2014 
Link: http://www.planetria.com/ or www.clariontechnologies.co.in 
 
Project: Focus360 (Real estate project) 
Environment: ActionScript 3.0 & JSON with FlashBuilder 4.6, Parsley, Cairngorm. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer, I was responsible to analysis, design and develop the requirement. Requirement gathering, suggesting the right solution to the client and providing the solution to the team members. Distributing the task among the team members, communicating with client and sharing the status, maintain the delivery dates and tracking/monitoring the status and stick into the final testing and producing the expected output to the end client as per the requirement. 
 
Description: It is a web and desktop based application, it is being developed in ActionScript 3.0 on Flash Builder 4.6. The application will be used to show the map of the construction area with the flat/lot details. Each flat will have different shape and size and it can be customized as per the customer need. JSON is being used as data base to store the data of each flat/lot on the sever, assets, map, picture of the flat and size, ect data will be stored in JSON. The map is created in flash and flex is managing admin part and user part in the application. 
 
Project: EATON (Electronics circuit designing) 
Environment: ActionScript 3.0 & XML with FlashBuilder 4.6, MVC 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Senior Software Engineer, I was responsible to analysis, design and develop the requirement. I have done requirement analysis, client communication and suggesting the solution to the client as per the expectation. Tracking/monitoring the status and stick into the delivery date as committed, sharing the application with the QA team for testing and delivery. 
 
Description: It is a web and desktop based application, it is being developed in ActionScript 3.0 on Flash Builder 4.6. The application will be used to create or form a electronic circuit design. Once the circuit is made, then it will be validated with the MAT Lab real circuit for this analysis will be made. User can form a circuit by dragging the required equipments from the tool. The equipments are made in flash and imported dynamically into the tool and will create categories on the tool and these will allow the user to create a circuit and validate with the MAT lab on the analysis.
Multimedia Programmer
Aptara New Media - Pune, Maharashtra
November 2011 to June 2013
Link: http://www.aptaracorp.com/ 
 
Project: eLearning & education 
Environment: Flash, ActionScript 3.0, ActionScript 2.0, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, & XML, FlashDevelop. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Multimedia Programmer, I was responsible to for developing the elearning courses and distributing the design work to the graphics team, art work to Artist, storyboard work to Instructional designers. Engaged into communicating with the project manager and discussing the status and delivery details based the priorities. Analyzing the new requirement and sharing the status with the team members and updating this to the Project manager. As a developer I was engaged into developing the course, sharing it with QA and finally delivering this to client. Uploading the courses in Server LMS/LCMS and sharing the final status with the client. 
Description: It is learning and a publishing work, where I have worked for financial, IT, Tax, auditing and accounting related online learning for KPMG. That has many levels as per the learner. The course structure has been created by using flash and xml, and with collection of templates, those are re-useable. The shell contains to control the course with the controllers and buttons. It has page next/back navigation, play/pause, progress bar, completion status page and course, SCORM compliances. The course contains modules, lessons, topics and pages. The course may have pages with an animation, simple static content, and interactivity. Where these can be configured and customized through an xml. The course will be packed up with SCORM 1.2, SCORM 2004, AICC, CD/DVD versions and managed through LMS and LCMS.
Software Programmer (Flash)
Chetu - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
January 2011 to October 2011
Link: http://www.chetu.com/ 
 
Project: Slot engine 
Environment: Flash ActionScript 3.0, FlashDevelop, .Net, JavaScript, MVC, 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Software Engineer, I was responsible to analysis, designing the game, creating the structure, functionality implementation, logic gathering, driving the complexity task into sub tasks and coordinating with backend team to get the right output for database details. Client communication, status sharing, delivering the final game with the end client with proper QA test. 
Description: It is a Casino game for online which runs with database. Game has been played with slots such as 3x3, 3x4 and 3x5. This contains pay line each pay line has some fixed payout amount which based on bet-amount. Here bet amount means how much player is betting to play this game. It has few categories such as Bonus, Free-spin and Auto-free spin. Here player gets one round of game which gives some bonus point and that points multiply with his bet amount and he will get some win amount. 
http://www.islandluck.com:8039/slot/GameHelp.aspx?GameHelp=JungleFeverHelp.aspx 
 
Project: Bingo Game 
Environment: Flash ActionScript 3.0, FlashDevelop, .Net, JavaScript, MVC. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Software Engineer, I was responsible to analysis, designing the game, creating the structure, functionality implementation, logic gathering, gathering the complexity task into sub tasks and coordinating with backend team to get the right output for database details. Client communication, status sharing, delivering the final game with the end client with proper QA test. 
Description: It is a casino game for online which is player like a card game. Here some amount of time will be given to the player to purchase the tickets and if he has purchased the ticket then player is eligible to participate in this game otherwise he can only able to watch the game. If the ticket sales is over then players are not allowed to buy the tickets for the current game but they can purchase for the next game. After few seconds the winner card will be started showing on the screen. Finally the winner will be announced by the admin. Player will get the win amount. This is based on the number of player participated on the game. 
http://www.islandluck.com:8039/BingoLive/LighteningBingo/Help/GameDefaultHelp.aspx 
 
Project: Bejeweled Game 
Environment: Flash ActionScript 3.0, FlashDevelop, .Net, JavaScript, MVC. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Software Engineer, I was responsible to analysis, designing the game, creating the structure, functionality implementation, logic gathering, analyzing the complexity task into sub tasks and coordinating with backend team to get the right output for database details. Client communication, status sharing, delivering the final game with the end client with proper QA test. 
Description: It is a casino game for desktop, iPad, iPhone and mobiles. Here one grid will be shown that grid contains 64 gems. Player has to for 3 or more identical matching as per his matching player will get score and win amount. Win amount is provided based on the bet amount. In-between a slot machine will run then it will decide the win amount after complete the slot machine. Payout is given to the player and he will be get the win amount based his bet amount. There are multiple levels. Levels are totally 7 each level player will get different matching score as per the level.
Flash Developer
Dart Innovations - Chennai, Tamil Nadu
June 2009 to January 2011
Work: E-Learning, Websites Desktop and Web Application Development 
Duration: June-2009 to Jan-2011 
Link: http://www.dartinnovations.com/ 
 
Project: E-Learning 
Environment: Flash ActionScript 2.0, XML SCORM, FlashDevelop. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Flash Developer, I was responsible to develop elearning course for the client as per the Team Lead instruction, I have to develop and design the course by following the standards. 
Description: This is a tamil elearning development for primary school children. 
Link: http://www.dartinnovations.com/pazhakutamil.com/ 
 
Project: Websites 
Environment: Flash ActionScript 2.0, ActionScript 3.0 with XML and HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 
Roles and Responsibilities: As a Flash Developer, I was responsible to develop web application and tools as per the Lead guidance. I 
Description: Full site introduction and it describes about company and its work profile? All data's are come from CMS or XML. 
Links: 
http://www.buildcabo.com/ 
http://www.scavullodesign.com/ 
http://www.almaxdesign.com/ 
http://www.publicdesign.com/ 
http://www. jamesandgiles.net/ 
http://www.quiztones.net/ 
 
Project Title: Web Applications 
Environment: Flash ActionScript 3.0, XML and HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 
http://www.dartinnovations.com/clients/photogallery/PhotoGallery.html 
http://www.designstudionyc.com/v1/
Education
BE in Computer Science and Engineering
Annamalai University Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu
2005 to 2009
Higher Secondary School - Grade 12 in Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Biology
State Board Dharmapuri, Tamil Nadu
2003 to 2005
High School - Grade 10 in Maths, Science and Social Science
State Board Dharmapuri, Tamil Nadu
2002 to 2003
Skills
Html5 (7 years), Javascript (7 years), Css (7 years), ActionScript (5 years), Flash (5 years), Angular Js (3 years), Bootstrap (3 years)
Links
http://kirusrinivas.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/imKiruSrinivas