Sneha Singh
Front End Developer - CSS3, Angular JS

Patna, Bihar
• I am good learner, punctual and hard worker. 
• I'm an organized person, calm, friendly, like to help people and have the ability to work in the team worker and under the stress. 
• I am flexible person and I can adapt changes. 
• Before starting any work I would like analyses things carefully.
Work Experience
Front End Developer
CSS3, Angular JS
November 2016 to Present
Role: Front End Developer 
Project Detail: 
It is shopping website for whole sale of goods and materials. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities Project: 
• I worked on the front end of the project to develop the user Interface. 
• For view purpose html has been used. 
• CSS is used to provide style to each pages. 
• To make website responsive, mobile first we used bootstrap. 
• All functionality provided by using Angular JS. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities (Agile) Project: 
1. Participated in Daily scrum meetings. 
2. I have enough information to estimate user stories. 
3. I have information to write unit tests when implementing user stories. 
4. Have enough information to design and develop code. 
5. I ensure just enough technical documentation is provided and I can remove technical impediments raised by the team. 
6. Reported over all sprint status and daily status.
Bhugol Analytics Pvt. Ltd
July 2016 to Present
Software Engineer
SHLR Technosoft Pvt Ltd
November 2013 to December 2015
• I have almost 3.1 years of IT experience. And my experience includes design and development of business applications and Internet technologies. 
• Good knowledge on Agile software development methodology and SCRUM processes. 
EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY: 
Industry IT 
Sub Industry IT 
Organization SHLR Technosoft Pvt Ltd 
Designation Software Engineer 
Duration November 2013 to December 2015
Front End Developer
SHLR Techno-soft
February 2015 to September 2015
Duration: 8 months (February 2015 to September 2015) 
Environment: Windows 8, Web application 
Skill Used: HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, Bootstrap 
Role: Front End Developer 
Project Detail: 
Created Shift Allowance tool so that all the employees of my company can enter their shift timing they are working in. Hence, tracking the shifts become easy for the company. 
 
2. Project Name: Student Dash Board
Tester
Engineering College (Jaipur) - Jaypur, Bihar
January 2014 to January 2015
Duration: 1 year (January 2014 to January 2015) 
Environment: Windows 8, Web application 
Skill Used: HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, Bootstrap, JavaScript 
Role: Tester 
Project Detail: 
Student dash board is used to maintain student record .So, it can be easily monitor by faculty and student itself. But student has only read access. Modification and Data entry facility is given to faculty. 
 
3. Project Name: Ecommerce
Education
Bachelor of Engineering in CSE
East Point College of Engineering for Women (VTU) Bangalore, Karnataka
July 2012
CBSE
St. Joseph's High School Munger, Bihar
March 2007
Skills
Bootstrap (2 years), HTML5 (2 years), Internet explorer (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), Windows 8 (2 years)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SKILL SET & ENVIRONMENTS: 
Operating System: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and LINUX MINT 
Languages: C, Core JAVA 
Web Technologies: HTML5, JSON, Angular JS, CSS3, Bootstrap 
Testing Browser: Internet explorer, chrome, fire-fox, safari 
Software: Windows, Net Beans, Notepad++, Web Strom