Mohammed Yaqoob
Front-End Developer - FedEx

Bangalore, Karnataka
Seeking a challenging position, utilizing my abilities developed through my experience and education with an opportunity for career growth based on my merit and to promote the growth of the organization.
Work Experience
Front-End Developer
FedEx
January 2017 to Present
Technologies Used: AngularJS 2, CSS (bootstrap) 
Description: "MAGIC" application is developed for the users to get registered and login through the credentials with required fields. 
Duration: From Jan 2017- Till Date 
Team Size: 3 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
• Created components for the application. 
• Used decorator classes, template styles, modules and Dependency Injection for services 
• Provided data binding using one-way and two-way binding. 
 
Project 2: 
Title: HPENFV-SolutionPortal 
Role: Front-End and Backend Developer 
Client: HPE 
Technologies Used: AngularJS 1.5, Java 1.6, CSS (bootstrap2.x), JavaScript, Nodejs v5.0, bower, gulp 
Description: NFV (Network Function Virtualization) Partner Catalog application developed on HPE Propel. HPE Propel is a service broker solution that provides IT a single user experience and unified hub for multi-supplier integrations for 100% of their applications and services. NFV Partner Catalog application maintains the Partner's and VNF's (Virtual Network Function) details. 
Team Size: 6 
Duration: From Sept 2015 - Dec17 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
• Embedding the new features such as registration module, reset password module, forgot password module. 
• Creating services to interact with LDAP for these authentications. 
• Mail functionality for send mails to user after registration, reset and forgot password.Blacklisting the users in LDAP. 
• Implementing carousels, responsive tabs with switching up of views from table to tile. 
• Bringing up modal windows for redirecting to links in application. 
• Modifying the Look and feel of page and updating into repositories. 
 
Project 3: 
Title: DIGITAL WALL 
Role: Front-End Developer 
Client: Schneider electric 
Technologies Used: AngularJS 1.3, Java 1.6, CSS, JavaScript. 
Description: Multi-window based application developed to showcase the details of company and services with there desired products using Liferay. 
Duration: From June 2015 - Sept 2015 
Team Size: 4 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
 
• Created views for the application which routes using AJAX calls. 
• Implemented wall movement functionality using css frameworks (bootstrap) 
• Worked on SVN add, update and checkout. 
• Involved in Unit Testing and Regression testing. 
 
Project 4: 
Title: SHOPPING CART APPLICATION 
Role: Front-End Developer 
Client: Internal 
Technologies Used: AngularJS 1.3, NodeJS, CSS (bootstrap & font-awesome), JavaScript. 
Description: A shopping cart is basically a list that contains products selected by the user while he shops. When the user is finished shopping, he will usually examine the list to double-check that the items, quantities, and prices are correct.The view shows details about a product and allows users to add or remove the product to/from the shopping cart and also presents a quick summary of the cart so users can tell whether this product is already in the cart. 
Duration: From Feb 2015 - June 2015 
Team Size: 3 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
• Created views for the application which routes using angular route. 
• Added cart for checkout and also to remove added item. 
• Shop items through sort like Low-High, High-Low, Popularity etc. 
• Worked on filters to distinguish among viewed products and Listing on items. 
• Performed integration, functional & regression testing.
Education
BE in Information Science
T.John Institute of Technology
2014
Presidency Junior College
2010
SSLC
St.Paul's High School
2008
Skills
AngularJS (Less than 1 year), bootstrap (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), Eclipse (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SUMMARY 
 
➢ 2+years of experience in Mphasis with AngularJS and Angular2. 
➢ Experienced in creating SPA in AngularJS. 
➢ Basic hands on npm, grunt, bower and gulp. 
➢ Hands on angular filters, directives, ajax calls for fetching json data. 
➢ Worked on with routing of views using routeProvider. 
➢ Created custom directives for extending functionality of HTML. 
➢ Hands on creating responsive mobile view using bootstrap and foundation. 
 
TECHNICAL EXPOSURE 
 
FrameWorks: AngularJS, Angular2 
 
Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
 
Development Tools: Eclipse, SublimeText 2, VSCode 
 
Database: Oracle10g, Postgresql