Ishwar Deoolkar
Front End Developer

Bangalore, Karnataka
To work in a competitive environment on challenging assignments and to contribute towards the growth and development of the organization.
Work Experience
Front End Developer
eSthenos Technologies Pvt Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka
May 2016 to Present
I am Front End Developer at eSthenos Technologies Private Limited and Key role is to design User Interfaces and these are following project i was worked 
 
Project Title: FOS (Feet on Street) 
Company Name: eSthenos Technologies Private Limited. 
Technology: Bootstrap3, HTML5, CSS3, Jquery, Flask (Jinja Template), Python. 
Tools: Agile Methodology (Scrum) 
Description: This is an app for processing individual loans. I have worked on upgrading the existing UI to a more user-friendly and more well-designed layout. Using bootstrap, jquery and material design concepts, the look and feel was enhanced to give more aesthetic appearance. Besides, I have also worked with git a 
 
Project Title: Gravity 
Company Name: eSthenos Technologies Private Limited. 
Technology: Bootstrap3, HTML5, CSS3, Jquery, Flask (Jinja Template), Python. 
Tools: Agile Methodology (Scrum) 
Description: This is an app for processing group & individual loans. I have worked on upgrading the existing UI to a more user-friendly and more well-designed layout. Using bootstrap, jquery and material design concepts, the look and feel was enhanced to give more aesthetic appearance. Besides, I have also worked with git a
Front End Developer
BuildOBridge Retail Pvt Ltd. - Bangalore, Karnataka
November 2015 to April 2016
6 months. 
Technology: Html5, Bootstrap3, Css3, Jquery, Javascript. 
 
PROJECTS 
Project Title: ANYONE CAN COOK (AOC) 
Company Name: BuildOBridge Retail Private Limited. 
Technology: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, jQuery, Javascript. 
Tools: Xampp. 
Description: Anyone Can Cook is food product website, In these website all regional foods recipe and ingredients and how to prepare a particular dish by watching videos with different type of variety of food and state wise food recipes. 
 
Project Title: AOCEATS. 
Company Name: BuildOBridge Retail Private Limited. 
Technology: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, jQuery, Javascript. 
Tools: Xampp. 
Description: Aoc eats is food product website, In these website we have done user can order the food through these website and its continuation of anyone can cook. 
 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
 
Project Title: Exam Automation System (EAS) For MMEC. 
Technology: HTML5, CSS3, Php, MySql, Javascript. 
Tools: Netbeans 7, Xampp. 
Description: EAS is lifecycle of Examination System, In these EAS complete exam process like block allocation for students with time table and one thing is most important is these EAS, Its automatically generated list for student with there regular exam and backlogs and another one is informing to faculty members about their duties via SMS. 
 
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ishwar-deoolkar-b61206107/ 
Github: https://github.com/ishwar 17 
CodePen: https://codepen.io/ishwar171/ 
BitBucket: https://bitbucket.org/Ishwardeoolkar/
Education
B.E. in CSE
Maratha Mandal Engineering College Belgaum Belgaum, Karnataka
June 2015
Diploma
Shri Vasantrao Potdar Polytechnic Belgaum, Karnataka
June 2011
SSLC in Secondary Education Board
Islamiya High School Camp Belgaum, Karnataka
May 2008
Skills
Angularjs (Less than 1 year), bootstrap (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), FRONT END (Less than 1 year), FRONT END DESIGN (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Web: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap 3, Skeleton, Foundation 6, 
Angularjs, Angular2 (Basic), Jquery, Less, Git, Jinja Template, 
ReactJs (Basic), Sass (Exploring), Flask (Exploring) 
OS: LINUX and WINDOWS. 
Database: MYSQL. 
COMPANY DETAILS 
Company Name: eSthenos Technologies Private Limited. 
Designation: Web Developer (Front-End Developer) 
Currently: Presently Working From Last 1 Years. 
Technology: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJs, Bootstrap3, Jquery, Javascript. 
Company Name: BulidOBridge Retail Private Limited. 
Designation: Web Developer (Front-End Developer)