Shravani Java/J2EE Developer
Full Stack Developer

NJ
➢ Around 8 Years of experience in analysis, architectural design, prototyping, development, Integration and testing of applications using Java and J2EE Technologies, and MySQL in Banking, Insurance, Finance, E-Governance Industry. 
➢ Strong Knowledge on Application Development using Software Development Life Cycle SDLC using various methodologies like Waterfall, Agile/Scrum. 
➢ Hands-on experience on JAVA/J2EE technologies (EJB, JMS), Frameworks (Struts, Spring), ORM (Hibernate), SOAP and REST Web services, SQL. 
➢ Proficient in design and development of J2EE technologies and API's include JSP, Servlets, JSTL, JDBC, JMS, EJB, IBM MQ, SOAP web services, design patterns. 
➢ Strong experience in UI & client side validations using HTML, CSS, SCSS, Java script, JSP, AJAX, JSON, XML and java script frameworks like jQuery and to make better Single Page Application (SPA) working on AngularJS, Node.js Server 
➢ Expertise in implementing various design patterns like Singleton, Factory, Abstract Factory, DAO, Service Locator, and Front Controller. 
➢ Experience in XML related technologies like XML, DTD, XML Schema, WSDL, WSDL, SOAP and AJAX. 
➢ Expertise in designing and developing components using Enterprise Java Beans over application servers and platforms such as Eclipse, My Eclipse 10.5, IBM RSA (v 7.0, 8.0), IBM RAD 7.0, IBM (remove) WAS (WebSphere Application Server) v 7/8.5, Apache Tomcat 5.x. 
➢ Expertise in implementing MVC frameworks using Struts, Spring, Custom MVC and Hibernate for persistence and Spring Boot. 
➢ Involved in producing &consuming SOAP based & RESTful web services using WSDL, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, and SOAP UI etc. 
➢ Strong experience in writing efficient SQL queries and objects like stored procedures, Triggers, views and working experience with SQL Server, My-SQL and MongoDB Databases. 
➢ Expertise in creating technical specs using functional specs. 
➢ Experience in using Express.JS 
➢ Implemented Agile - Scrum development while developing applications. 
➢ Experience with HBase, Cassandra and NoSQL platforms. 
➢ Experience in developing and deploying session beans, entity beans representing several types of business logic abstractions. 
➢ Experience with Cloud solutions including admin. / deployment of data in AWS or Azure a plus. 
➢ Experience in MQSeries Clustering, MQClient / MQServer setup, MQSeries System Administration, user training and documentation. 
➢ Experience with JUnit/TestNG, JBehaveor other TDD/BDD frameworks 
➢ Experience with build/deployment and release of the application. 
➢ Experience in tracking defects, issues, risks using Clear Quest, Quality Center and Performed unit testing using JUnit test cases. 
➢ Quick learner and a proactive individual with excellent communication, strong analytical skills and dynamic troubleshooting skills. 
➢ Efficient team member with excellent work/time management skills, excellent leadership, communications and Interpersonal Skills, ability to work under strict deadlines. 
➢ Strong experience with client interaction.
Work Experience
Full Stack Developer
Galaxe Solutions, NJ
February 2016 to Present
Description: Galaxe delivers the answers that clients need to improve healthcare quality and access 
while reducing costs. It provides market-leading performance improvement built on data integrity and empirical truth. For more than 30 years, the insights and solutions have been providing hospitals and 
clinicians, employers and health plans, state and federal government agencies, life sciences firms, and policymakers the facts they need to make confident decisions that directly affect the health and well- 
being of people and organizations in the U.S. and around the world. 
 
Responsibilities: 
➢ Worked on complete life cycle, Design, development and testing using OOA and OOD. 
➢ Worked with business partners for requirements gathering. 
➢ Design and development of UI Screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX 
➢ Developed Controller Servlets and Action Servlets to handle the request and responses. 
➢ Involved in IPCon UNIX/LINUX SCRIPTS platform. 
➢ Designed DTD's for XML representation of data 
➢ Used Multi-threading to overcome the errors in the process of transactions. 
➢ Implementation of JavaScript Frameworks, including Backbone.js and Angular.js. 
➢ Lead the development of data access beans using hibernate, middleware web service components. 
➢ Created mappings/Workflows to extract data. 
➢ Develop the GUI using JSP, spring web flow following spring web MVC pattern. 
➢ Developed and consumed RESTful web services using Java Servlets, Apache XMLBeans, and JSON. 
➢ Utilized Mongodatabase management system for keeping user generated data. 
➢ Building RESTfulAPIs in front of several types of NoSQL storage engines. 
➢ Build the XML submission using the SpringBatch and JAXB parser. 
➢ Involved with Master Data Management (MDM) for customer Data Integration. 
➢ Used Selenium tool for web application Testing. 
➢ Deployed and tested on JBOSS application server. 
➢ Migrated on premise infrastructure (files servers, application servers) to AWS cloud based infrastructure. 
➢ Worked on the Microsoft cloud services like Azure to provide, SAAS, PAAS and worked on web services for passing the data as a Json data. 
➢ Used SVN for version control across common source code used by developers. 
➢ Written the JUnit test cases for the functionalities. 
➢ Involved in the implementation of open- source web application frameworks like Bootstrap and Angular Js. 
➢ Valuable experience working with MVC architecture, design patterns and multi-threading 
➢ Implemented agent-server messaging dialog using Apache Camel and JMS (Active MQ implementation. 
➢ Wrote PL/SQL Queries, stored procedures, triggers and prepared statements. 
➢ Bottle micro-framework implemented with REST API and MongoDB (NoSQL) as back end database 
➢ In depth understanding of object oriented programming and skilled in developing automated test scripts in Selenium. 
➢ Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML and Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the website. 
➢ Designed and developed REST services to provide the communication between the frontend and the backend, using ApacheCX and ApacheCamel. 
➢ Involved in writing Maven based pom.xml scripts for building the web application on Apache Tomcat Server. 
➢ Experience working in an Agile development environment leveraging BDD/TDD and whole team testing approaches within a fully-dedicated Agile team 
➢ Performing basic monitoring tasks on SybaseIQ servers. 
➢ Validating the application by deploying and testing on Apache Tomcat. 
➢ Used Log4j for application logging and debugging. 
➢ Analysis and code development using Agile/Scrum methodology. 
➢ Performed build management for the development and testing environment. 
➢ Worked with release management to develop technical release notes for every code release. 
➢ Involved in technical mentoring, production system support and customizing solutions. 
 
Environment: Java, JSP, Spring, Servlets, JavaScript, MDM, Multi-threading, Backbone.js, 
Restful, APIs, XML, Angular JS, UNIX/LINUX SCRIPTS, SQL, HTML, CSS, Web services 
(RESTful), XML, XSLT, AJAX, Log4j, SVN, Ext-JS, Spring, Hibernate, Rational Application 
Developer, Jenkins Mongo DB, ApacheTomcat Server, Splunk, Agile/Scrum Methodology, 
Sybase, Apache Camel Red hat Linux, JBOSS.
Sr Java Developer
Inovalon, Maryland - US
December 2014 to November 2015
Project: DAL Test Harness 
 
Description: The Data Access Layer (DAL) is an object-oriented service for accessing and updating 
data indistributed databases and other persistent data resources. All CRUD operations on persistent 
data resources are performed through DAL's of the data. DAL test harness framework is a principal place 
forEnd-2-End test suites for eBay's DAL (Data Access Layer) . It provides easy and flexible means for developerto add and modify test suites. DAL test harness framework can offer the functions 
to automatically set up various DAL environment based on input parameters, execute test suites to 
mimic DAL behavior, verify andreport the results back to user and dynamically add new test suites to the framework. 
 
Responsibilities 
➢ Application was based on MVC architecture 
➢ Created dynamic views usingAngularJS, Bootstrap with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3, 
AJAX techniques 
➢ Developed the DAO layer for the application using Spring Hibernate Template support. 
➢ Clear quest for tracking the tasks and GIT for version control. 
➢ Experience in development of JavaScript for client side validations. 
➢ Used JSON for transferring/retrieving data between different Applications. 
➢ Also wrote some complex SQL queries using Joins, Stored Procedures, Functions, 
Triggers, Cursors, and Indexes in Data Access Layer. 
➢ Involved in implementing the DAO pattern for database access. 
➢ Collaborated with testers and developers and prepared test plans for producing high quality 
software application 
➢ Worked with the JIRA tool for Quality Center bug tracking. 
➢ Responsible for identifying and creating the MQ objects required for the interfaces. 
➢ Created Configuration manager, Brokers, Queue Managers, define Objects, channels, 
SSL, Clustering, shared channels, shared objects. 
➢ Developed logging module-using Log4J to create log files to debug as well as trace application. 
➢ Used JMeter tosimulate a heavy load on a server and to test its strength and analyze its 
overall performance under different load types 
➢ Assisted in development and improvement of application maintenance plans, processes, 
procedures, standards and priorities. 
 
Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring 3, Hibernate 3, Java SDK, SOA, Angular JS, JavaScript, 
REST, JSON, JSP, CSS3, HTML, DHTML, J Query, AJAX, JDBC, Oracle, MYSQL, GIT, 
MAVEN, Log4J, 1.2, JMETER, Scrum, Unix/Linux
Full Stack Java Developer
Hartford Insurance - Hartford, CT
September 2012 to August 2013
This application enables clients to access, review and updateInsurance coverage's online. The 
Websitefunctionality was extended by providing the customers to Login and perform online 
transactions like paying bills online and updating their insurance policy. Customer Care website 
was redesigned to providecustomized information for the end users and is 
developed using J2EE technologies with jsp, html and DHTML in the front end, with Hibernate and Spring Frameworks at data layer connecting to Oracle10gdatabase. The application was 
deployed on Web Sphere Application Server and development was doneusing RAD. 
Responsibilities: 
➢ Involved in Full Cycle of Software Development (SDLC) from Analysis through Design, Development, Integration and testing phases. 
➢ Followed Agile Software Development with Scrum methodology. 
➢ Used Sybase database for querying, updating data in the database. 
➢ Worked on WebLogic Application Server for deploying and testing the code. 
➢ Created Spring Controllers classes based on the existing Struts Action classes. 
➢ Used Hibernate ORM for mapping Java classes to database tables and data querying 
➢ Used JPA for mapping business objects to database 
➢ Developed POJO's, Data Access Object (DAO) to handle all database operations. 
Used Hibernate in persistence layer. 
➢ Superior proficiency in AWT, JBoss, Hibernate, SWT and JavaSwing. 
➢ Published and Consumed Web Services using SOAP, WSDL and deployed. 
➢ Utilized SOAPUI to generate request XML's from WSDL to test the response. 
➢ Produced and Consumed RESTful Web services in JSON. 
➢ Developed front end GUI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and enforced the look and feel 
standards using the style sheets, common headers, footers & menus, and web page templates using Apache Tiles. 
➢ Develop and execute Unit Test plans using JUnit, ensuring that results are documented and reviewed with Quality Assurance teams responsible for integrated testing. 
➢ Developed SOA, software apps and web service solutions using OracleOSB. 
➢ Implemented SOA solutions and business processes by using BPEL. 
➢ Worked within SOA based enterprise framework to build web services. 
➢ Architected services to align with business objectives and fit into overall SOA driven program. 
➢ Created Composite Applications, Home Security components and Adapters by using Oracle SOA technology. 
 
Environment: Java-J2EE, JDK, JSP, Servlets, spring, RESTful Web services, JSON, Hibernate, 
Agile, Eclipse, Sybase, Spring, Maven, Subversions, PL/SQL, WebLogic Server, 
Apache Tiles, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML.
Software Engineer
Tech Corporation of Goa
February 2011 to July 2012
Project: IPHB 
Description: IPHB (Institute of Psychiatry & Human Behavior) is basically a psychiatric hospital 
Providesmedical care to patients and quality care for mentally challenged persons. The main objective of IPHB is to design a complete system that describes about a patient from Date of admission to Date 
ofdischarge like personal details, family member details, treatment details, observation details, and 
examination details. By considering all these details, treatment conclusion is provided. The flow in IPHB is grouped into multiple sections logically based on the functionality. Those are Hospital 
Section, Medical Store, Dispensing Pharmacy, Nursing Section, & Library Section. 
Responsibilities: 
➢ Participated in the designing and development of various server side components JSP, Servlets, EJB's, DAO's Used Service Locator, Façade, Singleton, Factory design patterns. 
➢ Developed struts action classes for controller components. 
➢ UI-Layer: Most popular MVC (Model-View-Controller) architecture has been a de-facto standard for the JSP based UI development using Jakarta Struts (MVC framework) 
➢ App-Layer: Session Façade Pattern, to keep the business independent of App-Layer technology (EJB's, JDBC etc.) 
➢ Coding the programs in accordance with program specification and adhering to coding standards. 
➢ Responsible for designing application layer API using EJB components of J2EE. 
➢ Involved in work flow activities of application and data analysis based on client requirement. 
➢ Responsible for design and development of UI framework which is totally based on struts. 
➢ Developed business logic using EJB's. 
➢ Used AJAX for asynchronous requests and jQuery Scripting framework. 
➢ Participate in design reviews, code reviews and unit testing. 
➢ Developed the application using MVC Architecture. 
➢ Ensure quality assurance i.e. deliverables created match business specifications. 
➢ Developed data access layer using Data Access Object (DAO) design pattern. 
 
Environment: J2SE, Java Enterprise Edition, EJB 2.0, Struts 1.2, JSP, JDBC, AJAX, jQuery, 
Maven, Java Script, OC4J Application Server, Oracle 10g, SQL, xml, Log 4j.
Web Developer
Magna InfoTech
May 2009 to December 2010
Description: Universal Banking Solution is enhanced account information for the corporate banking 
customers across the globe. This web portal provides customer consolidated account information at any point of time. Customer can view his account balance, consolidated balance, historical balance, 
historical consolidated balance, transaction summary, forward balance and unclear values. 
Responsibilities: 
➢ Developed Use Cases, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Data Models using Microsoft Visio. 
➢ Developed Bill Payment Service. 
➢ Developed User Interface using JavaScript and HTML. 
➢ Implementing Authentication CoreJava. 
➢ Involved in unit testing, debugging and bug fixing of application modules. 
➢ Extensively involved in writing the SQL queries to fetch data from database. 
➢ Defined Web Services using XML-based Web Services Description Language. 
➢ Building Java API's/Services backing User interface screens using Spring MVC. 
➢ Have experience in integrating other systems through XML. 
➢ Worked with Core Java concepts like Collections Framework, multi-threading and memory management. 
➢ Experience of resolving issues with JVM and multi-threading 
➢ Involved in debugging and bug fixing of application modules 
➢ Connected to backend database by using JDBC. 
➢ Using JDBC and SQL developed data access objects. 
➢ Performance of Client side validations using JavaScript. 
➢ Involved in Error Handling using JSP. 
➢ Used SQL query language in SQL server for creating stored procedures 
➢ Implemented XML for validations. 
➢ Involved in Coding of Enterprise java Beans, which implements business rules, and business logic. 
➢ Monitored, studied and analyzed application logs from production environment and analyzed data for performing detail analysis of issues related to production. 
Environment: Java, J2EE, Struts, JSP, JDBC, EJB, ANT, XML, IBM Web Sphere, JUNIT, DB2, 
Rational Rose, CVS, UNIX.
Skills
Java (6 years), JSP (6 years), MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER (5 years), Model-View-Controller (5 years), SQL (6 years)
Additional Information
TECHNICAL SUMMARY 
Operating System Windows […] UNIX, LINUX 
Languages Java, J2EE, PL/SQL 
Java/J2EE Technologies JDBC, Servlets, JSP 
Web/XML Technologies HTML, Java Script, jQuery, Angular JS, Ajax, Servlets, JSP, JSF, XML, DTD, XML Schema, SOAP, WSDL. 
Databases Oracle 11g, MySQL, SQL Server 
Application/Web Servers IBM WebSphere Application Server v 7/8.5, Tomcat, BA Web logic Application server. 
IDE Jdeveloper10g, Eclipse, My Eclipse 10.6, RAD 
Tools Toad, SOAP UI 2.5, Log 4J, Apache POI, SQL Developer 
Frameworks Struts 1.2, spring 3.0 (core, MVC & security), Hibernate 3.0 
Version Control Systems Visual Source Safe (VSS), Sub Version (SVN), Jenkins 
Web Services SOAP, REST, WSDL, XML, XSD 
Build Script Maven, Jenkins 
Patterns Singleton, Factory, Abstract Factory, DAO, Service Locator. 
Methodologies Scrum, Agile, TDD and Waterfall and UML