Rizwana Pulujakar
Sangli, Maharashtra
Work Experience
Software Developer
Any software - Bangalore, Karnataka
Project Title: Library Management System 
Languages Used: ASP.Net 
Database: SQL Server 2005 
Team Size: 4 
Scope: The system maintain all the Student information, Library Book Information, Faculty Information, Book Supplier Information and Book Return & Book Issue Information also In our system we will provide user name & password for current user, it provides the system form improper handling. This system aim to provide correct or quick process. 
 
Project Title: Smart HR Solutions 
Languages Used: PHP 
Database: MY sql 
Team Size: 2 
Scope: SMART HR SOLUTIONS providing essential human resource, consulting services, office staff And Executive resourcing-interim management and permanent recruitment-I am qualified Industry specialists who have expert knowledge of the industry and an extensive network and Database of TI Software, Non-IT (Manufacturing Industrial Automative, Automation, Pharmaceutical 
& Chemical, And Consulting & Professional Services) .Etc. 
Smart HR Solutions focus on customer satisfaction first time, every time. 
 
6th Sem Internships Project 
 
Company Name: Techciti Technologies Private Limited Bangalore 
Duration: 4 Months 
Project Title: Advance Content Management System 
Languages Used: ASP.Net 
Database: SQL Server 2005 
Scope: Advance Content Management System is a content panel 
the ACMS is providing content to easily handle our website using this content panel. End user can are easily modify our Articles, Menus and Banners etc. In this Project use a advanced technology. 
The aim of this project is to user or client are update our website on own based changes. Every time the developer or service provider are not give the perfect services. Or time to time update our site then the using ACMS the user are easily update our website. 
 
ACADEMIA
Education
MCA
Pune University Pune, Maharashtra
2016
BCA
Pune University Pune, Maharashtra
2011
HSC
Maharashtra State Board
2008
SSC in Lara Technology
Maharashtra State Board Bangalore, Karnataka
2006
Skills
AngularJS. (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (Less than 1 year)
Additional Information
SKILL SET 
 
TECHNICAL 
Languages & Software: Core Java, J2EE 
Web: HTML, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS. 
Database: SQL Server, JDBC. 
Framework: Spring, Hibernate