Balaji Shivankar
software developer

Pune, Maharashtra
To secure a position in your organization where I can apply my 
communication, interpersonal and technical skills and be a part 
of the team to achieve the Organizational goals and to employ 
the best of my knowledge for the growth of the organization.
Work Experience
Software Developer
Scarlet India comprehensive solutions Pvt. Ltd. - Pune, Maharashtra
June 2015 to Present
Software Developer
Education
MTech in Computer Science and Engineering
Shivaji University Kolhapur Islampur, Maharashtra
2013 to 2015
BE in INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
WAINGANGA COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND MANEGMENT Nagpur, Maharashtra
2009 to 2012
Board/ University
May 2009
H.S.C
YESHWANT Jr COLLEGE AHAMDPUR
February 2008
Skills
Java, c (1 year), Servlet (Less than 1 year), JSP (Less than 1 year), Andriod (2 years), Javascript (1 year)
Links
https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=AAIAABK6bNMB0MhQJEs3v40KsKwmqnT5I-4JN7I&trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile_pic
Certifications/Licenses
Gate Qulified
January 2013 to March 2013
Gate Qulified 2013
Publications
Addressing Node Isolation Attack in OLSR protocol.
10 August 2015
An analyzing denial of service attack (i.e. node isolation attack) on optimized link state routing (OLSR) protocol which is a proactive routing protocol. We propose a reputation based mechanism for prevention node isolation attacks in networks. This mechanism is useful for securing the OLSR protocol against the node isolation attacks. Our mechanism is capable of finding whether a node is presenting correct network topology information or not by confirming protocols Hello message and TC messages
Security Mechanism for Denial-of-Service Attack in OLSR Protocol
2 May 2015
Mobile Ad Hoc Network (MANET) is infrastructure less and self-configures networks.Mobile nodes are autonomous and highly dynamic. No backbone infrastructure or no fixed access points. Mobile node connect with other node in its remote transmission range. Update its link after same periodic interval of time. Network are flexible and cooperating environments 
Vulnerable and susceptible to various kind of security attacks. Applications are useful for disaster relief, military service etc.
Additional Information
Website: www.balajishivankar.com